Dow Jones FactivaDow JonesTop of Form
HT Mumbai, Column
The PM lays out his blueprint
HT Correspondent
853 words
16 August 2019
HT Columnists
HTCOLM
English
Copyright 2019. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved.
Mumbai, Aug. 16 -- Narendra Modi has made the habit of using the prime minister's Independence Day speech to present big ideas and emphasise his government's priorities. Between 2014 and 2018, in the five speeches he gave from the ramparts of the Red Fort, he launched three big missions - Swachh Bharat in 2014, Start-up India in 2015, and Ayushman Bharat in 2018.
He also lashed out at Pakistan for nurturing terrorists in 2016, and asked Kashmiris to join the mainstream in 2017. With the benefit of hindsight, the first statement heralded the resetting of the India-pakistan equilibrium. In September 2016, India responded to the Uri terror attack by carrying out surgical strikes across the Line of Control. And earlier this year, it responded to the Pulwama terror attack with an airstrike against a terror training facility inside Pakistan. The second statement (again, with the benefit of hindsight) was a reiteration of the Modi government's commitment to scrapping Articles 370 and 35A of the Constitution that gave Jammu and Kashmir special status, and its permanent residents, special privileges.
Given this background, it is worthwhile to trawl the PM'S latest speech - the first in his second term, and one that comes at the end of a productive session of Parliament that saw the passage of several laws, including the one criminalising instant Triple Talaq, and the abrogation of Articles 370 and 35A - for similar nuggets. The 92-minute long speech saw Mr Modi acknowledge his government's legislative push in its first 75 days in power; riff off the slogan "One nation; one Constitution", with specific reference to Article 370; dwell on his pet themes of Ease of Doing Business, Ease of Living, and Digital India; and address concerns about the economy (the fundamentals are strong, he stressed), but it also featured six interesting messages including the government's latest mission. The emphasis on these to create what the PM calls New India presented a sharp contrast to Pakistan PM Imran Khan's Independence Day speech on Thursday, which focused sharply and largely on India.
The government's latest mission, as first reported in this paper, is Jal Jeevan, on water conservation and providing drinking water to every household. Given the water crisis in many parts of the country - Bengaluru and Chennai, for instance, bore the brunt of water shortage this summer - this is a crucial intervention, one on which the PM said ~3.35 lakh crore will be spent. Water is fast becoming an issue even in the developed world, and it is widely acknowledged that the next wars (civil as well as otherwise) may well be fought over water.
Of the five remaining messages, one, the creation of a Chief of Defence Staff, was more on the lines of an announcement. First suggested after the Kargil war, the idea is aimed at creating a role that can ensure the effective and complete cooperation of the three arms of the defence forces. Increasingly, both offensive and defensive military strategies are seeing a larger role for integration. Another, the economic potential of tourism, is an opportunity (and it's likely, given Mr Modi's popularity, that some will take up his challenge of visiting 15 tourist destinations by 2022).
It's the three remaining messages that are most interesting, especially because they could hint at coming campaigns and pose intriguing questions. The first is on how India can ill-afford a population explosion. With most South Indian states already at the so-called replacement level, this is a message aimed at the other parts of the country. It will be interesting to see how the government follows up on the PM'S message. Will there be incentives or benefits for those with small families? The second is on the insidiousness of plastic. Drains across India are choked with plastic, resulting in flooding. Agricultural land everywhere is loaded with plastic wrappers too - beneath-the-surface testimony to the satchet revolution of the 1990s that was hailed by marketers. Microplastics have already become part of water cycles and food chains - with deleterious health effects. So, will there be a nation-wide ban on plastic of certain kinds (especially single-use plastic)? Will companies that sell chewing tobacco, snacks or consumer products in plastic wrappers be forced to take responsibility for their disposal?
The third is on how India has to celebrate wealth creation and wealth creators. "Wealth creation is a great national service," the PM said. "Let us never see wealth creators with suspicion..." This is a message aimed at highly-paid executives and businesspeople who are upset with the increase in the peak tax rate to 42.7%, and a bout of aggression by the tax department that some have termed tax terrorism. Could the PM'S call mean an end to or even a lessening of this?
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from HT Columnists.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com
HT Digital Streams Limited
Document HTCOLM0020190816ef8g0008g


World must use influence to stop India from state-terrorism in IoJK: Usman Dar
241 words
15 August 2019
The Balochistan Times
NBBALU
42
English
© 2019 The Balochistan Times
Special Assistant to Prime Minister on Youth Affairs Usman Dar has urged the world to use its influence to globally pressurize India to stop Indian state-terrorism in Occupied Jammu and Kashmir.
He stated this while addressing the participants of an Awards Distribution Ceremony held at a local marquee in Sialkot here Wednesday. He urged the world for ensuring the early peaceful solution to the burning Kashmir Dispute as per the aspirations of the oppressed people of the Held Valley.
He said that the sun of freedom of Kashmir from Indian yoke will rise soon. He expressed complete solidarity with the oppressed Kashmiri people.
Usman Dar said that the larger scale mounting human rights violations, genocide, custodial killings of the innocent Kashmiri people and state terrorism in Occupied Jammu Kashmir. He said these nasty practices were enough to shake the conscience of the international community.
Provincial Minister for Special Education Punjab Ch. Muhammad Ikhlaq strongly criticized the prevailing larger scale violation of human rights by the occupant Indian Army in the Held Valley. He added that the freedom was the basic right of the people of Occupied Jammu and Kashmir and none could deny this fact.
Provincial Minister for Special Education Punjab Ch. Ikhlaq Ahmed, Vice Chairman Anti Corruption Establishment (ACE) Punjab Big (retd) Muhammad Aslam Ghuman and local PTI leaders including Ch. Ghulam Abbas also attended.
Asianet-Pakistan
Document NBBALU0020190815ef8f0002w


India's Demographic Terrorism in Occupied Kashmir
Rasheed Ahmad Chughtai
764 words
10 August 2019
Daily Messenger
ASMESG
11
English
Copyright © 2019. Daily Messenger
Kashmir, the northwestern region of sub-continent, has been subject to dispute between India and Pakistan since the partition of the subcontinent in 1947. It is also known as 'the unfinished agenda of partition of Indo-Pak subContinent.' Owing to this conflict, the two states have undergone forseveral hot and cold wars. As a result of first Indo-Pak war of 1947-48, the Kashmir was divided into Indian occupied 'Jammu and Kashmir' (comprising the regions of Kashmir valley, Jammu and Ladakh) and Azad Kashmir (comprising the regions of Azad Kashmir and GilgitBaltistan). A 'Cease Fire Line' was established by United Nations Resolution in 1949 which divides the regions of Azad Kashmir and Indian Occupied Kashmir. This Cease Fire Line was slightly altered in the Indo-Pak SimlaAgreement of 1971 and renamed as the Line of Control.
The Indian leadership in the aftermath of partition, Lord Mountbatten, JawaharLal Nehru and others, gave a socalled special status to the disputed state of Jammu and Kashmir under the article 370 and article 35-A (explained below) of the Indian constitution. Furthermore, India agreed to resolve the dispute through a plebiscite in the disputed territory under the UN Resolutions but later on refused to do so thereby disrespecting the UN Resolution over Kashmir. In other words, Kashmir issue is the struggle of millions of Kashmiris for their right of self-determination- a globally recognized fundamental human right. Although the people of IOK are struggling for their 'right of self-determination' for decades, the current wave of civilian freedom movement started with the martyrdom of BurhanMuzaffarWani, a young freedom fighter, in 2016. India has been using its 'bogus strategy' to forcefully crush this movement since the birth of this conflict. Perpetual human rights violations, atrocities, draconian laws and state-sponsored genocide in Jammu and Kashmir by Indian occupying forces have become an irrefutable reality. To date, more than 100 thousand innocent Kashmiris have been martyred in IOK after facing brutal barbarianism of Indian forces. Two latest reports by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights(OHCHR), released in June 2018 and July 2019, are ample testimony of this fact. Furthermore, India has been following a strategy to change the demographic composition of IOK by planned permanent settlements of non-Kashmiri non-Muslims in the Muslim dominated regions of the disputed territory. Mr. Rajnath Singh, the Federal Home Minister of the government of Bharatiya Janata Party, unveiled such a plan in April 2015 under which 200,000 to 300,000 non-Kashmiri Hindus were planned to be settled in IOK.
Multiple Sainik colonies for the permanent settlements of the retired Indian soldiers in IOK depict the Indian autocratic vision to change the demography of the region. Undoubtedly, demographics can reshape politics by redrawing the boundaries of population in IOK. Article 370 of Indian constitution was the only legalright which protected the semi-autonomous status of IOK against Indian demographic terrorism. The Indian Hindu fundamentalist-extremist organization RashtriyaSwayamSevakSangh , its brainchild Bharatiya Janata Party and many other Hindu extremists have long desired to end the autonomous status of IOK. Even the founder of Bharatiya Jana Sangh (the predecessor of BJP), Syama Prasad Mukherjee, was a staunch proponent of fuller integration of Jammu and Kashmir with India. He was imprisoned by the government of Sheikh Abdullah in Srinagar where he died in 1953 while championing the cause of integration of Jammu and Kashmir to India. Since then, the BJP has been following this agenda.
During the 2019 general elections of India, the BJP included the abrogation of Articles 370 and 35Ain its election manifesto.In hissecond term, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has become extremely aggressive and has been defying United Nations Security Council resolutions as well as international laws with impunity. Having more than seven hundred thousand troops deployed in Kashmir, which is known as the world's highly militarized zone, the current Indian government has recently injected seventy thousand additional troops in IOK. Now, the soldier to civilian ratio will become approximately 1:7. Last week, the tourists were forced to leave IOK. The Muslim political leadership of IOK is under house arrest. The current use of brutal violence against unarmed Kashmiri people depicts a long term plan of ethnic cleansing in IOK by Indian forces. Additionally, India has targeted the civilian population in Azad Kashmir (along the LoC) with cluster toy bombs (banned) violating international laws, conventions, and customs. Kashmir conflict has become a nuclear flashpoint in South Asia between two antagonists- India and Pakistan.
Daily Messenger
Document ASMESG0020190810ef8a0000w


HT Mumbai, Column
J&K move: The real test begins now
Brahma Chellaney
827 words
9 August 2019
HT Columnists
HTCOLM
English
Copyright 2019. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved.
MUMBAI, Aug. 9 -- Afinal deal between the United States (US) and the Pakistanreared Afghan Taliban appears imminent, with the Taliban saying major differences have been resolved. Pakistan's key role in this process, and in the implementation of the deal that emerges, has emboldened it to downgrade diplomatic relations, and suspend bilateral trade with India - actions that New Delhi itself should have taken long ago against its terrorism-exporting neighbour.
In fact, US President Donald Trump's looming Faustian bargain with the Taliban was an important factor behind India's change of the constitutional status of Jammu and Kashmir (J&K). A resurgent Pakistan-Taliban duo controlling Afghanistan would spell greater trouble for J&K, including increased crossborder entry of armed jihadists.
Jammu and Kashmir's reorganisation effectively compartmentalises India's territorial disputes with Pakistan and China centred in that region. China's protests that India's inclusion of the China-held Ladakhi areas in the new Ladakh Union Territory "hurts Chinese sovereignty" underscores that there will be no let up in incursions. In recent years, China - which occupies the Switzerland-size Aksai Chin Plateau, and lays claim to several other Ladakh areas - has stepped up its military forays and incursions into Ladakh's Demchok, Chumar, Pangong Tso, Spanggur
Gap, and the Trig Heights.
The immediate trigger for rejigging the constitutional status of J&K was Trump's Af-Pak gambit. The US president has beseeched Pakistan to "extricate" them from Afghanistan. The paradox is that the US is stuck in the longest war in its history because of Pakistan, which harbours the Taliban's command-and-control base. Yet Trump, after accusing Pakistan of "lies and deceit", is now appeasing it, including by slightly reopening the military-aid spigot, and offering twice to mediate the Kashmir conflict, even though such an offer is a red rag to the Indian bull.
It is against this background that, to level the field, J&K's special powers and privileges were revoked, Ladakh was carved out as a separate entity, and the misogynist Article 35A was repealed. For India, three decades of a Pakistan-backed Islamist insurrection in the Kashmir Valley made the status quo no longer sustainable. Armed jihadists today call the shots in the Valley, from where the virtually entire indigenous minority - the Kashmiri Pandits - were driven out in one of modern history's most successful and swiftest ethniccleansing operations.
Even if India had maintained J&K's special constitutional status, Pakistan would have continued its low-intensity asymmetric warfare. After all, Pakistan is a revisionist State that seeks to redraw borders in blood. Yet Pakistan, far from granting autonomy or special status to the two parts of J&K it holds (the sprawling Gilgit-Baltistan, and the so-called Azad Kashmir), has treated them as its colonies, recklessly exploiting their mineral and water wealth, and transforming their ethnic and linguistic identities through demographic change.
Today, nothing is encouraging Pakistan more than Trump's turning to it to "help us out" in Afghanistan. Pakistan's brutal proxies have compelled the US to negotiate the terms of its Afghanistan surrender and seek Pakistani support for a face-saving exit. Just days after the US reached a tentative deal with the Taliban in late January, a suicide bombing claimed by a Pakistan-based terrorist group killed 41 Indian paramilitary soldiers.
Now, with a final deal in the offing and the elected Afghan government sidelined, a scofflaw Pakistan has sought to turn the tables on India by ironically lecturing it on international law and expelling the Indian envoy, even as India still treats Pakistan as a terrorist state only in rhetoric, not in actual policy terms. It will not be long before Pakistan's roguish military also ups the ante against India, either directly or via its non-uniformed soldiers - the terrorist proxies.
India, through the J&K constitutional change, has pre-emptively sought to safeguard its security before America hands Afghanistan back to the same terrorist militia it removed from power in 2001. But India has a history of losing the advantage after a potentially game-changing move. After Balakot, Pakistan was quick to neutralise India's advantage with a daring aerial blitz that crossed a red line by targeting Indian military sites. Yet Pakistan escaped scot-free.
India's real test begins now after the bold, legacy-shaping J&K action. Indeed, the government needs to tackle head on the protracted proxy war of a renegade neighbour that, far from becoming diplomatically isolated as sought by India, has been emboldened by Trump's gambit.
Does India have the political will to impose costs in a manner to make them increasingly unbearable for Pakistan?
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from HT Columnists.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com
HT Digital Streams Limited
Document HTCOLM0020190809ef89000ji


Special status for occupied Kashmir fed 'terrorism', Modi says in TV address
513 words
8 August 2019
The Frontier Post
ASFROP
English
Copyright © 2019. The Frontier Post
Indian-occupied Kashmir was stripped of its autonomy to free it from 'terrorism and separatism', Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday.
In his first comments on the constitutional bombshell carried out while Kashmir was under a military lockdown, Modi insisted that his government had made a 'historic decision'.
The Hindu nationalist BJP government rushed through a presidential decree on Monday to ditch the Muslim-majority region's constitutionally-guaranteed status. The Indian parliament also passed a law splitting the state into two territories.
Internet and telephone connections in Kashmir have been cut since Monday and a curfew imposed as the authorities feared trouble when the decision was announced.
In response to the move, Islamabad on Wednesday expelled India's ambassador and suspended all bilateral trade.
Modi in his speech alleged that Pakistan encouraged 'terrorism and separatism' in occupied Kashmir.
'Friends, I have full belief that we will be able to free Jammu and Kashmir from terrorism and separatism under this system,' he said.
'I have full faith that the people of Jammu and Kashmir, after defeating separatism, will move forward with new hopes and aspirations.'
He said the special status has 'not given anything other than terrorism, separatism, nepotism and big corruption'.
Modi said he respected opposition politicians and prominent Kashmiris who have opposed the government's strong-arm tactics.
'We are working to answer their points but I request them to act to keep India's interests and help Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh,' he said.
'I want to assure my Jammu and Kashmir colleagues that slowly things will become normal and their problems will reduce.'
The contentious move comes just days before the Muslim festival of Eidul Azha, and Modi said Kashmiris would not face difficulties celebrating the holiday.
BJP govt strips Kashmiris of special autonomy
On Monday, India's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party stripped Kashmiris of the special autonomy they had for seven decades through a rushed presidential order. An indefinite curfew - that today entered its fourth day - was imposed in occupied Kashmir and elected leaders were put under house arrest.
By repealing Article 370 of the constitution, people from the rest of India will now have the right to acquire property in occupied Kashmir and settle there permanently. Kashmiris as well as critics of India's Hindu nationalist-led government see the move as an attempt to dilute the demographics of Muslim-majority Kashmir with Hindu settlers.
Furthermore, Indian Home Minister Amit Shah, who is also president of the BJP, moved a bill to bifurcate the state into two union territories - one, Jammu and Kashmir, which will have a legislature, and the other, Ladakh - to be directly ruled by New Delhi. The bill was passed.
Pakistan had strongly condemned the move and vowed to 'exercise all possible options to counter the illegal steps' taken by India. A joint parliamentary session was summoned by President Arif Alvi and Prime Minister Imran Khan constituted a high-power committee to devise future strategy with regards to occupied Kashmir.
The Frontier Post
Document ASFROP0020190809ef8800006


Situationer: From Indian action to IMF's caution, US reaction
Ansar Abbasi
676 words
7 August 2019
The News International
NINTPK
29
English
Copyright © 2019 The News International
The day New Delhi abolished Indian Held Kashmir's special status and made it part of its own territory in blatant violation of UN Resolution of Kashmir, Washington termed it as India's 'internal matter' whereas the IMF cautioned Pakistan that failure to get out of FATF grey list could jeopardise country's foreign financing assurances.
Though IMF maintains it is an independent body immune to political influence having a consistent stance on the FATF issue, some circles question the timing of its latest statement coinciding with revocation of Held Kashmir's constitutional status.
Furthering the suspicion about a possible trap set for Pakistan, Indian media- ThePrint- claims that its External Affairs Minister S. Jaishankar had briefed his American counterpart, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, about the Modi government's intention to abrogate Article 370 and Article 35A for Jammu and Kashmir.
ThePrint disclosed that this, however, was not the first time that the US was briefed on this issue. In February, two days after the Pulwama attack, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval had phoned his American counterpart John Bolton and told him about the Modi government's plans to do away with the 'special status' for Jammu and Kashmir.
Pakistan was though overwhelmed with US President Trump's offer of mediation between Pakistan and India to help resolve the issue of Kashmir, the latest response of Washington on India's IHK move subtly support New Delhi.
Indian Home Minister Amit Shah announces controversial Kashmir steps in the parliament in August 05 video.
Ignoring the UN Resolution's on Kashmir, US on Monday urged India to engage in discussion with those affected by its decision to revoke Kashmir's special status but also noted that New Delhi describes this action as an 'internal matter'.
State Department spokesperson Morgan Ortagus said, 'We are closely following the events in the state of Jammu and Kashmir. We take note of India's announcement revising the constitutional status of Jammu and Kashmir and India's plan to split the state into two union territories,'
The statement issued in Washington, however, also referred to India's position on this issue, without mentioning the Pakistani position. 'We note that the Indian government has described these actions as strictly an internal matter,' Ms Ortagus said.
The statement also failed to mention US President Donald Trump's recent offers to mediate between India and Pakistan to help resolve the Kashmir dispute.
In a July 22 statement, President Trump had said that Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked him to mediate on the Kashmir dispute. Although India denied ever asking him to do so, Mr Trump reiterated his stance earlier this week, saying that he's willing to help if both countries ask him to.
In a strange coincidence, the IMF's Resident Chief Teresa Daban Sanchez also chose to spoke on Monday, warning that Pakistan's failure to get out of FATF grey list could have implications on capital inflows jeopardizing foreign financing assurances.
'The IMF could continue dealing with countries into grey or blacklist but it will have impact on capital inflows. The IMF Board of Directors wants Fund to look into matters of money-laundering and terror-financing because it hampered taxation system. The IMF is mainly responsible for ensuring macroeconomic and financial stability, so looking into FATF issues becomes important for us,' the IMF's Resident Representative in Pakistanis reported to have said while talking to Senior Journalists Forum organised here at the National Press Club (NPC) on Monday.
The Indian government on Monday rushed through a presidential decree to abolish articles 370 and 35A of the Constitution, which grants a special status to Indian Held Kashmir.
Topstory minus
Kashmir issue: Shall go to any extent, says COASIndia's step violates our territorial sovereignty: ChinaPassing of resolutions won't pay: Sever Modi's hand on devouring Kashmir, says ShahbazModi's move to scrap Article 370 challenged in Indian SCPM forms seven-member panel on Kashmir View more...
The News International, Pakistan
Document NINTPK0020190807ef8700034


VoV seeks global intervention to stop Indian terrorism in IOK
279 words
5 August 2019
The Frontier Post
ASFROP
English
Copyright © 2019. The Frontier Post
In occupied Kashmir, Voice of Victims, a human rights group based in Srinagar has sought the intervention of the United Nations and the heads of several Western and Muslim countries in the wake of a new wave of state terrorism unleashed by the Indian armed forces in the territory.
Voice of Victims in a statement issued in Srinagar said that the calling of more Indian paramilitary forces in occupied Kashmir in addition to already eight lakh occupational forces was a serious threat to the peace of the territory as well as the peace of South Asia.
VOV Executive Director Abdul Qadeer said on behalf of the oppressed and besieged people to draw the attention of the world community, Voice of Victims urges the international community including Muslim world and world human rights organizations to intervene.
Man killed in mysterious blast in Kupwara: In occupied Kashmir, a person was killed in a mysterious blast at Farkiyan area of Keran along Line of Control (LoC) in north Kashmir's Kupwara district on Sunday.
Some explosive material went off inside a tailoring shop at Ferkiyan at around 9:10 am, today.
In the blast, one person namely Abdul Hamid Bajad of Farkiyan Keran received critical wounds and was immediately taken to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead by the doctors.
The tailor shop belonged to Parvaiz Khawja son of Jeelani of Ferkiyan, also got damaged due to the blast.
A police officer confirmed the death of the person in the incident. He said that a police team was rushed to the spot to ascertain the nature of the explosion.
The Frontier Post
Document ASFROP0020190805ef850000t


Pulwama – From Bluster to a Whimper
Air Cdre Kaiser Tufail (PAF, retired)
3757 words
31 July 2019
Defence Journal
ASDEFJ
38
22
English
Copyright © 2019. Defence Journal
Immediately after the Pulwama suicide attack on 14 February 2019, in which a young Kashmiri lad blew himself up killing 40 Indian para-military troops, a cacophony of accusations were hurled against Pakistan. In a purported phone callthe caller claiming to be a representative of the Jaish-e-Muhammad (JeM) – an internationally proscribed terrorist organisation – was said to have owned up to the bombing.
Calls for revenge grew by the hour, and it was not long before the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modiallegedly discovered incriminating links and vowed to teach Pakistan a lesson.It seemed that Modi saw punitive action against Pakistan as a key to a landslide victory in the upcoming elections and was, thus,completely blinded to the dangers of escalation of hostilities between the two nuclear-armed neighbours. In all likelihood, Modi also believed – or was made to believe – that Pakistan did not have the gumption to take on the might and stamina of the Indian military, seeminglybuttressed by its madcap media and the rightist supporters.
The Indian repression in Kashmir has seen no let up for over seven decades, with the last ten years having been particularly bloody. Thousands of killings, mass arrests, rapes, kidnappings, use of pellet guns to blindand maim protesters, and gross human rights violations have been the Indian government’s despicable methods to respond to the Kashmiris’ right of self-determination.
That the right has been enshrined in numerous UN resolutions cuts no ice with an intransigent India. It was in the backdrop of these circumstances that 20-year old Adil Ahmed Dar, who had been humiliated, tortured and illegally detained, decided to take the law into his own hands and square off with the so-called law enforcers. Driving a car packed with about 80-100 kilos of explosives, Dar rammed a bus laden with policemen of the Central Reserve Police Force, killing 40 of them.
A phone call was opportunely received by Indian intelligence agencies soon after, claiming that JeM had carried out the bombing. The Indian media stirred up a storm in no time, and every Indian bayed for Pakistani blood. Hints of an imminent ‘surgical strike,’ by India – fake and farcical though the previous one in 2016 had been – began to make the rounds.
The die had been cast and there was no going back. India failed to provide evidence of Dar’s contacts with anyone in Pakistan, either by way of tapped phone calls, physical contact with any Pakistani agents, or material found on his person or from his home indicating any complicity. All that was known about Dar was that he was a home-grown Kashmiri youngster with no outside contacts whatsoever, and that he had been radicalised by the spate of brutalities by the Indian law enforcing agencies.
Acting as the judge, jury and executioner, and pandering to the frenzy created by the irresponsible media, Modi declared that Dar had been trained and supported by Pakistani agents. Retribution was, thus, the only option to deter any more ‘mischief’ by Pakistan, Modi blustered. It was made clear that India would decide the time and place to administer exemplary punishment to Pakistan.
At0130 hours (all times PST) on the morning of 26 February a flight of six IAF Mirage 2000configured for strike,along with two tied escorts and another four of the same type acting as reserves, took-off from their home station at Gwalior. Escorted en routebyseveral moreSu-30KI,the sizeableformationsneaked infrom a south-easterly direction for a stand-off attack on a seminary at Jabba village near Balakot town, close to the international border. The Mirage 2000s which had taken-off from quite a distance,were supported by anIl-78 in-flight refuelling tanker. Two ERJ 145‘Netra’ Airborne Early Warningand Control System (AEWCS) provided surveillance support to the strike package.
At about 0245 hours, six Mirages carrying one 900 kg Israeli-origin Spice 2000 bomb each, lobbed them in the autonomous GPS-assisted delivery mode, and broke off immediately. With the bombs’ stand-off range of over 60 km, there was no need to cross into Pakistani territory, as safety of their aircraft was of greater concern than any qualms about international censure for violating Pakistan’s airspace.
In the event, the aircraft did ingress about 10 km into Azad Kashmir, ostensibly to drive home a point that India did not consider it as disputed territory.Traversing about 40 km, five bombs fell in a forested area, a few hundred meters from the intended target, and decimated nothing more than a few pine trees.
It was propitious that the bombs did not hit the seminary, as it housed a boarding facility for over 200 students aged 8-15 years.
The seminary is one of thousands of similar facilities in the country where young children memorise the Holy Quran, a not uncommon practice amongst the faithful.
F-16and JF-17 fighters on patrol were promptly directed to intercept the intruders but were restrained by the prevalent rules of engagement from crossing over into enemy territory. Mercifully, there was no loss of lives or property at Balakot as the IAF mission had failed completely. There have been speculations about the cause of the failure, but the most plausibleone was proffered by three members of the Australian Strategic Policy Institute(ASPI) viz, Marcus Hellyer, Nathan Ruser and Aakriti Bachhawat. The trio posited that there was a mismatch between the target elevation sensed by the GPS and the orthometric elevation (above mean sea level) as given on aeronautical charts.
High resolution satellite images of the bomb impact craters provided by European Space Imaging clearly show that all the bombs missed their targets by similar distances, and in the same direction, indicating a mission planningmiscalculation. Apparently the orthometric elevation was in error (less than actual), causing all the bombs to overshoot. PAF’s former Gp Capt Parvez Mahmood who has extensive experience of interpreting satellite imagery, is of the opinion that, “determining a precise 3D point on Earth requires satisfying a lot of variables, so errors similar to the one in the Balakot strike are not unusual.”
The option of delivering the bombs in the electro-optically guided mode was not possible due to complete cloud cover and heavy rain in the area for several days. In any case, it was a riskier option as the bombs had to be guided through data link all the way till impact, and would have entailed IAF aircraft getting into the lethal range of Beyond Visual Range (BVR)missiles of PAF’s interceptors.
Immediately after the failed Indian strike, Pakistanis clamoured for revenge as expected and Prime Minister Imran Khan duly promised it.
The dilemma of escalation weighed heavily on the political and military leadership, and there was consensus that the response had to be as measured and controlled as was possible. Even the number of bombs planned for delivery were to be in equal measure. The PAF was well-prepared for a whole range of targeting options, and it settled for a stand-off attack similar to the IAF’s, with the important difference that it would be against military targets in the Poonch-Rajauri-Naushera Sector in Indian Held Kashmir (IHK).
The IAF stood guard on the night of 26 February when the PAF’s riposte was expected. Extensive Combat Air Patrols (CAP) were flown by the IAF with surveillance support from ground radars, as well as AEWCS. When the PAF did not show up till sunrise of 27 February, the IAF eased off from its highest alert state, and waited for the following night.A pair each of Su-30MKI and Mirage 2000I were patrolling in IHK area.
PAF’s deception worked splendidly when its strike package of four Mirage 5PA/IIIDA of No 15 Squadron and two JF-17of No 16 Squadron, duly supported by a big swarm of escorts and patrolling fighters (a mix of F-16A/B and JF-17), cluttered the scopes of IAF’s ground radars at 0920 hours. Working at the rear of the fighter package were PAF’s SAAB Erieye AEWCS aircraft and the DA-20 Falcon in whichelectronic warfarewizards satready with theirarcane tricks.
Twovintage – butstill quitecapable – Mirage 5PA,each armed withone H-4 stand-offbomb, along with two JF-17, each armed with two Mk-83Range Extension Kit (REK) bombs, headed towards their respective targets in southern-western IHK.
It was a bright and clear morning, with excellent visibility. Each Mirage 5PA was followed by its communication control aircraft, a dual-seat Mirage IIIDA, which was to steer the H-4 after launch through data link, while the JF-17s’ Mk-83REK were to be launched in the autonomous ‘fire and forget’ mode. With the H-4 having a range of over 120 km, and the Mk-83 REK having at least half of that, the bombs offered safety to the launch aircraft as these could bedelivered from well inside own territory, and the aircraft could then breakoff.
The Mirage IIIDAcontrol aircraft, however, had to continue flying towards the target, refining the H-4 bomb’s flight path till impact.
The bomb can be steered withgreat accuracy,as the high resolution image of the target seen by the bomb’s seeker head is constantly relayed to the control aircraft. Since the purpose of the mission was essentially to demonstrate that Pakistan had the resolve, as well as the capability of responding in kind, it was decidedthat there was no compelling need to pick the front door of a brigade commander’s office, or the air shafts of soldiers’ bunkers.
General area bombing of open spaces in military garrisonsnear the Line of Control(LOC) in IHK was,therefore, agreed upon. It was expected that this ‘abundance of restraint’would preventmass carnage in the Indian military garrisons, which couldotherwise lead to a chain ofescalatory actions, and spiral into avery dangerous all-out warunder a nuclear overhang.
When the PAF struck the garrisons within 36 hours of IAF’s abortive air strike at Balakot, it came like a ‘shot across the bow’ and had the desired sobering effect on the Indian military commanders. General Bipin Rawat, the Indian Chief of Army Staff,was forced to take a pause from his regular harangue about sorting out Pakistan. Unsurprisingly, he has not uttered any more threats to Pakistan, ever since.
PAF’sapproaching strike forcehad, meanwhile, rung frantic alarms on the Indian air defence radars, and patrolling fighterswere directed to intercept them. Struggling to sift through the degraded communications environment, IAF fighters wereunable to understand the instructions of their air defence controllers.
An F-16 pairled by Sqn Ldr Hasan Siddiqui of the elite Combat Commanders’ School, was vectored towards two approaching IAF fighters flying in an extended trail formation. The very longrange at which the adversary aircraft appeared on the F-16 radar scopes suggested that these were big targets, most likely Su-30MKI.
After sampling the target data and confirmingvalid firing parameters, Hasan let go anAIM-120C (AMRAAM) at 0936 hours, and promptly announced ‘Fox Three,’ the brevity code for an active radar-guided missile launch. Missile flight data fed back to the F-16 fire control computer in real-time, seemed to indicate that the missile had made its mark. Whether the Su-30 had met a violent end, or the aircrew had been able to kinetically defeat the missile, or the missile had simply timed-out and self-destructed, remains moot. Hard evidence in the form of aircraft wreckage,or details of aircrew casualties,has not been available so far.
Debris of the AIM-120C missile was, however,picked up and displayed on Indian television in a ludicrous tri-services press conference, as the IAF brass unsportingly complained about PAF using F-16s in what was actually a telling response to its own aggression.
Soon after the shoot-out, all hell broke loose in the Indian camp, as revealed byradar and VHF radio monitoring. In the ensuing confusion, the Terminal Air Defence Unit at Srinagar Air Force Station reported a slow speed radar contact heading towards it. As leaked reports suggest, the contact was takenfora hostileUnmanned Aerial Vehicle, and the Chief Operations Officer ordered it to be shot down.
At 0940 hours, an Israeli-origin Spyder surface-to-air missile was launched but its target turned out to be an IAF Mi-17 V-5 helicopter belonging to the Srinagar-based No 154 Helicopter Unit. The helicopter crashed near Budgam, and six aircrewalong with a civilian on the ground, lost their lives in a case of morale-shattering fratricide.
Meanwhile, higher in the skies, thesole Su-30 remaining in the area flew helter-skelter, something quite baffling, considering that these are multi-crew fighters endowed with very powerful radars, and were armed to the teeth with an array of eightR-77 BVR and R-73 dogfight air-to-air missiles each.
The Su-30 abruptlycalled ‘Bingo’ (low on fuel)and exited the area at high speed after only 25 minutes of flight, despite having an endurance of at least two hours while on routine air patrols.As per radio monitoring, it transpired that the two Su-30s had earlier failed to synchronise their data links, and both aircraft had been unable to provide any mutual support by way of radar data sharing.
In the on-going fracas, the leader of the Mirage 2000 formation on patrol also seemed overwhelmed by the pugnacious PAF fighters milling around, and called out that his airborne intercept radar, along with that of his wingman, had gone bust. It is noteworthy thatF-16s had picked upthe tell-tale transmission‘chirps’ of the apparently serviceable Mirage 2000 radar on theirthreat warning systems, a short while earlier.In the desperate situation that was developing, an IAF radar controller was heard calling out to the leader, “Confirmyou can employ your missiles without the radars?”
On hearing a reply in the negative, the controller pulled back the Mirage patrol well out of the activezone,and ordered ground scrambles to tackle a full squadron strength of menacing PAF fighters.
Five MiG-21 BisonofNo 51 Squadron were, meanwhile, scrambled successively from Srinagarto boost upIAF’s diminishingpresence in the air.A senior pilot, Wg Cdr Abhinandan‘Nandu’ Varthaman, was vectoredby the ground radar towards a patrolling pair of PAF fighters.Flying low and masked by the Parmandal Range, Abhinandantried to pull a surprise byabruptly poppingup from behind the hills. Apprehending PAF’s snooping capabilities, Abhinandanhad even switched off his Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) transponder.
He also kept his radar controller posted about his ground position by reporting it in pre-arranged codes.
However,Abhinandan remained oblivious of the fact that unlike ground based radars, the high flying PAF fighters had no line of sight issues, and could clearly see him on their radars. Before he could get his bearings right, Abhinandan’s MiG-21 was hit by an AIM-120C missilelaunched from an F-16 flown byWg Cdr Nauman Ali Khan,the Officer Commanding of No 29 ‘Aggressor’ Squadron,and also the overall mission leader.
Radio monitoring revealed that Abhinandan (callsign ‘Alpha One’) was being frantically warned by his ground control about the danger he was getting into. “Nandu, flowcold;Nandu, if you hear me,flowcold,” ishow a desperate female controller called the unresponsivepilot in high-pitched screams.
Fully conscious, but half-deaf by then, Abhinandan soonran into trouble. At around 0957 hours, he was seen coming down by parachute near Sandar village in Bhimber District, about five km from the LOC inside Azad Kashmir. Not unexpectedly, he got an unsavoury welcome at the hands of locals who had mobbed him.
Later, during his brief confinement, Abhinandan stated that while he was looking for the target on the MiG-21 radar display, his aircraft was hit, and he managed to eject just asit went out of control.
It has to be noted that at no stage did Abhinandan claim shooting down an F-16, somethingdeceitfully attributed to him after his repatriationby none other than the Indian Defence Minister, Nirmala Sitharaman.
The false claim has been repeated ad nauseam by the IAF, and parroted by the Indian media in a furtive effort to redeem some respectability, after a disastrous showing by the world’s fourth largest air force. All four of the unfired missileswere recovered from the MiG-21 wreckage, and displayed to the media by the Pakistan’s Inter Services Public Relations, exposing Sitharaman’s brazen claim.
Abhinandan’seffusive complimentsto the Pakistan Army about being‘a very professional service’ – as well as praise for the delicious tea served to him at a custodial facility,which he slurped with relish – earnedhim enough ‘brownie’ points in Pakistan.
His countrymen, however,were evidently not amused by his capers. Abhinandan was discourteously seen off by the Islamabad-based Indian Air Advisor at the border crossing point of Wagah and in a frosty reception was not even saluted by the Indian guards as he set foot in his country. It is not too far-fetched to imagine thaton return from captivity, Abhinandan was presented with a fait accompli: claim downing an F-16, or face disciplinary action for ‘unpatriotically fraternising with the enemy.’
If such was indeed the case, it ispossible that a straight-talking Abhinandan may be averse to towing the official line, and explains why the ‘hero’ continues to be hidden from the media and the public on grounds of ‘security.’
According to a report by senior staff writer Lara Seligman of the prominent US Foreign Policy magazine (4 April 2019), “a US count of the F-16s with Pakistan found that all the fighter planes were present and accounted for, and none of them were missing.”
The report clearly contradicts India’s claim that the IAF had shot down a PAF F-16.Seligman writes that,“the count, conducted by U.S. authorities on the ground in Pakistan, sheds doubt on New Delhi’s version of events, suggesting that Indian authorities may have misled the international community about what happened that day.”
In the same report, Vipin Narang, an Indian-origin US associate professor of political science at Massachusetts Institute of Technologyand a member of the MIT Security Studies Program states, “As details come out, it looks worse and worse for the Indians. It looks increasingly like India failed to impose significant costs on Pakistan, but lost a plane and a helicopter of its own in the process.”
That the US has completely disregarded the frivolous Indian complaintsalso reinforces the Pakistani contention that the F-16s were used legitimately for self-defence.Soon after the Indian protest,the US State Department’s deputy spokesman Robert Palladino shrugged it off by curtly stating that, “as a matter of policy, we don’t publicly comment on the contents of bilateral agreements involving US defence technologies.”
Later on 28 April, The Indian Express quoted a US official as saying, “Soon after we were informed by the Indian side about Pakistan using F-16 aircraft on February 27, we informed the Indians that we will not be sharing any information on the subject as it is a bilateral matter between US and Pakistan.” The apparent US indifference to the Indian complaint can also be seen as a clever marketing ploy for US military hardware, which had yet again demonstrated its cutting edge.
Rather than complain about PAF using F-16s in combat, the IAF needs some stern introspection about its questionableperformance. Having the initiative, as well as some of the world’s best fighters like the Su-30MKI and Mirage 2000I in its inventory, it failed to deliver in a situation where it could have done what the plucky PAF actually did.
The fig leaf of ‘technical asymmetry’ is now being shoddily used to cover up IAF’s embarrassing dysfunction at the operational and tactical levels. What the IAF needs to reflect on is the hard fact the PAF is well-trained, very vigilant, and endowed with a strong fighting spirit. It shouldnot be difficult to see why it has consistently produced outsized effects through narrowly focused efforts.
With zilch to show for, theproper course of action for Air Chief Marshal Birender Singh Dhanoa, the IAF air chief, would have been to step down. Instead, hehas deplorably leagued up with the discomfited BJP government and the Bollywood-inured media, which continue to churn out nothing but lies and fanciful claims. It would indeed be a travesty if the IAF air chiefgetsdignified with the prestigious Sarvottam Yudh Seva medal, for ‘distinguished service of most exceptional order during war, conflict or hostilities.’
 ROLL Of HONOUR - OPERATION SWIFT REPORT
             TASK                      PILOT/S					UNIT	A/C TAIL NO
 F-16A FIGHTER SWEEP (1xAIM-120C)   W/C Nauman Ali Khan                     29 Squadron   731
 F-16B FIGHTER SWEEP (1xAIM-120C)   S/L Hasan Siddiqui                      CCS (F-16)    606
 JF-17 STRIKE (2xMk-83 REK)         W/C Adnan Mahmood                       16 Squadron   236
  JF-17 STRIKE (2xMk-83 REK)        S/L Sibtain Akhtar                      16 Squadron   246
- MIRAGE SPA STRIKE (1xH-4)         S/L Waqar Saleem                        15 Squadron   417
- MIRAGE IIIDA COMM CONTROL         F/L Awais Rauf, W/C Faheem Ahmed        15 Squadron   601
- MIRAGE SPA STRIKE (1xH-4)         S/L Fahad Babar                         15 Squadron   420
- MIRAGE IIIDA COMM CONTROL         W/C Rashid Sulehri, S/L Faisal Hassan   15 Squadron   612
It is of great concern that Modi’s military advisors, particularly the Air Staff, were unmindful of the fact thatgrave risk of escalation is inherent in the cavalier use of air power, whose most significant attribute is its vastoffensive capability. In the aerial encounter of 27 February, there was a high probability of several more IAF aircraft being shot down, given PAF’s definite edge in BVR air combat.
The conflict was, thus, clearly fraught with the likelihood of tit-for-tat intensification to a point of no return. That the two nuclear powers were on the brink of a terrible catastrophe is something which needs serious reflection, especially for the initiator ofthe conflict – in this case Mr Modi, who seemed to have coolly run an election campaign on the shoulders of the IAF.
Tailpiece: The Indian Prime Minister’swhimper (quoted in India Today, 3 March 2019) that, “if we had the Rafale, things would have been different,” begs a question: “Why did you step in the ring if you weren’t prepared, Modi jee?”Clearly, the Indian Prime Minister miscalculated Pakistan’s resolve and ability to pay back promptly, and in kind.
Defence Journal
Document ASDEFJ0020190801ef7v00006


Mehbooba urges unity against Delhi's rushing 10,000 troops to IHK
Muhammad Saleh Zaafir
582 words
30 July 2019
The News International
NINTPK
29
English
Copyright © 2019 The News International
Former puppet Chief Minister of Indian Held Kashmir (IHK) Mehbooba Mufti on Monday urged political parties in the occupied state to unite against New Delhi's decision to rush an additional 10,000 troops to IHK.
While the Centre has said that this has been done to foil the possibility of any so-called terror attack, Mufti has said an atmosphere of panic is being created. Taking to Twitter, Mehbooba, who is also chief of People's Democratic Party (PDP), called out National Conference's (NC) Farooq Abdullah in particular to organise an all-party meeting. 'In light of recent developments that have caused a sense of panic amongst people in IHK, I have requested Dr Farooq Abdullah to convene an all-party meeting,' she wrote.
'Need of the hour is to come together and forge a united response. We, the people of Kashmir, need to stand up as one.' Mehbooba may be calling for political parties in the state to unite, but she has bickered and battled these very same political foes for years now. According to media reports, the PDP and NC have been bitter rivals in IHK, a state which continues to be under President's Rule.
The Centre's decision to deploy an additional 10,000 troops in the state, however, may unite political parties like PDP and NC as analysts say both are looking for maximum political mileage before the state election later this year. Sources in the Defence Ministry, however, have said that the main reason for additional troop deployment is to further strengthen the ongoing counter-terror operations in the Kashmir Valley
Mehbooba has termed the strengthening of security as a way of creating a 'fear psychosis among locals.' In another development mosques in Srinagar are facing Indian ministry of Home Affairs scanning of details about the mosques. Marked as urgent, in Srinagar zones were required to submit the information latest by 10am on 29 July (Yesterday).
All mosques in Srinagar will now be under the scanner of the Ministry of Home Affairs. In a letter to all the zones, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Srinagar has asked them to provide details of the mosques which are in their respective jurisdictions.
The letter by the SSP reads: 'Please provide details of mosques and their management falling within your respective jurisdictions as per enclosed Pro forma to this office immediately for onward submission to higher authorities.' Marked as urgent, the zones were required to submit the information latest by 10am on 29 July. The required information includes district, details of jurisdiction, name of the mosque and its location, name of the Maulvi, address and name of the chairman.The letter was sent to SP City of South Zone, Hazratbal Zone, North Zone, East Zone and West Zone Srinagar.
Earlier this week, it was reported that the Narendra Modi government has decided to move an additional 10,000 troops of the paramilitary forces to Jammu and Kashmir in the days to come. Defence Ministry sources said that the move is aimed at further strengthening the ongoing counter-terror operations in the Kashmir Valley.
According to sources, troops are being airlifted from various parts of the country for deployment in Jammu and Kashmir. National Security Adviser (NSA) India Ajit Doval was also on a two-day visit to IHK this week during which he reviewed the law and order situation in the state.
The News International, Pakistan
Document NINTPK0020190731ef7u00039


India, with a bigoted edge on Kashmir
Durdana Najam
1078 words
22 July 2019
The Nation
AIWNAT
33
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
One, a 560 pages report was published in May 2019, by the joint efforts of the Association of Parents of Disappeared Persons and the Jammu and KashmirCoalition of Civil Society titled: 'Torture: Indian State's Instrument of Control in Indian Administered Jammu and Kashmir.' Another a 43-page report was released by the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, titled: 'The situation in India-Administered Kashmir and Pakistan-Administered Kashmir from May 2018 to April 2019.' Both the reports mentioned the use of excessive force by the security and the armed groups to abuses and torture the Kashmiris.
The OHCHR report, however also reprimanded Pakistan for meting out inhuman treatment to the Kashmiris living in Azad Kashmir and Gilgit Baltistan. Pakistan corrected this situation by highlighting the difference between organized crime and a denial of human rights. As a whole, the report was welcomed by Pakistan. India, in its usual practice dismissed the report as 'false and motivated.'
Indian security forces continue to use the pellet-firing shotgun as a crowd control weapon to respond to the protest. Absence of justice for the past abuses such as killings and forced disappearances of Kashmiri separatists and other citizens. Sexual violence by the Indian forces. Excessive use of force during cordon and search operation resulting in civilian deaths
Indian's Armed Forces (Jammu and Kashmir) Special Power Act (AFSPA) 'remains a major obstacle to accountability.' The demand for the amendment of the Public Safety Act, an administrative detention law that allows detention without charge or trial for up to two years.
The trial of Kashmiri detainees outside Kashmir after the amendment of section 10 of the Public Safety Act has burdened both the families of the detainees and the council who find it hard to reach out to their detainees outside the state. These prisons, the report says, have also proved to be harsh for the Muslim detainees. 'The prisoners are forced to eat or drink filthy and harmful substances like human excreta, chili powder, dirt, gravel, chili powder mixed water, petrol, urine, and dirty water.'
India's refusal to acknowledge the report is based on the notion that it 'ignores the core issue of cross border terrorism.' Ever since 9/11, India has used terrorism as a shield to hide its injustices against the Kashmiris. The Kashmiris are picked up, detained, tortured, disappeared, killed, humiliated, to force them to leave their demand to seek independence from India. But the Indian spin-doctors label these separatists as terrorists from Pakistan, if not in person, at least in ideological persuasion to defeat India.
With the US on its side, which is equally obsessed with terrorism, it has been easier for India to tarnish the reality and to bracket with terrorism the struggle for freedom in Kashmir As a last nail in the coffin, Modi is striving to replicate Kashmir on Israel's design of assimilating Palestine into Israel through distortions apparently legally. From changing the demographics of Kashmir through the elimination of its quasi- autonomous states by repelling Article 35A of the Constitution to introducing new delimitation for equitable representation in the state assembly from all regions, Modi knows that finding an international audience inspiring by Israel model will never be difficult.
However, the UN Special Rapporteur on Torture, Juan E Mendez is hopeful and writes in the prologue of the report that 'the report will be enormously helpful in drawing attention of the international community to the need to express concern about India's human rights record.'
The Human Rights Chief has also asked the UN to set up a Commission of Inquiry (CoI) to investigate human rights violation in Kashmir. The CoI is one of the highest levels of probes reserved only for a major crisis.
Torture has been used at a large scale in Kashmir. Take a few glimpses: Of the 432 cases studied in the Torture Report, 24 are women of whom 12 had been raped by the armed forces. Forty-four suffered from some psychological issues. Civilian casualties are rising with each passing year. Only last year, 586 people were killed of whom 160 were civilian, the highest since 2008.
In its 2015 report, Doctors Without Borders informed that at least 19 per cent of the population in the region suffered from the post-traumatic disorder.
In spite of being a signatory to UN Convention against torture since 1997, India has not ratified the treaty to date. The Indian parliament dragged its feet on the Prevention of Torture Bill 2010, which eventually lapsed in 2014.
Torture is not confined to Kashmiri separatists alone. Anyone voicing, supporting or promoting the idea of independence of Kashmir has to pass through the mill of the torture grind. Journalists is one such breed. Reporters are intimidated and their movement restricted. Cases against journalists are being dug from the past. A veteran journalist Ghulam Jeelani Qadri was arrested for writing a story back in 1993 in which he had quoted a statement of a militant against India. Incarcerated for only a day though, Qadri's arrest stoked an unknown fear among the journalists for being in the crosshair for issues buried in the archives of history. One of the journalists, Asif Sultan was put behind bars in August 2018 for reporting about a radical linked with a militant organization.
To make matter worse, funds to newspapers in the form of a ban on government advertisement has been used as another tool of oppression. Kashmir Reader and Greater Kashmir, the largest English-daily newspapers, have to bear the brunt of this oppressive policy. According to the Committee to Protect Journaliststhis move by the Modi government is aimed at silencing criticism against the government. Such narrow political purposes, critic say, will backfire, making the Kashmiri freedom fighters and the journalists more emboldened.
READ MORE: Selected PM can't get of his container even when abroad: Bilawal
Demonstrating the right to determination as an act of terrorism and morphing the killings of the freedom fighter as a noble act of eliminating the evil, India can flummox the west and its Middle East allies but not the Kashmiris and the regional countries in South and East Asia where the Modi government is aiming for 'Act East' Policy to mimic Obama's 'Pivot to East' Policy. India's credential as a good neighbour and a reliable partner, which is at peace within is in question.
News Bites Pty Ltd
Document AIWNAT0020190722ef7m0000w


Right to self-determination: Pakistan lauds NAM's abiding support
429 words
22 July 2019
Business Recorder
AIWBUR
English
© 2019 Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved.
In a statement Sunday in Venezuela, Andleeb Abbas, Parliamentary Secretary for Foreign Affairs, expressed Pakistan's deep appreciation to the Non-Aligned Movement's consistent support for the right of self-determination of people living under foreign occupation. Andleeb Abbas is leading Pakistan delegation to the Ministerial Meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) being held in Caracas, Venezuela on 20-21 July 2019.
Referring to the situation in Indian occupied Jammu & Kashmir (IoK), the Parliamentary Secretary paid tribute to NAM's consistent rejection of attempts by some countries to equate freedom struggles of people under foreign occupation with terrorism. She highlighted that the recent UN report has once again reaffirmed the Kashmiris right to self-determination, underscoring that the report has also documented the large-scale and horrific human rights violations in IoK especially the indiscriminate use of pellet guns on women and children that has now been reported as mass blinding. Andleeb Abbas called for resolution of the internationally-recognized Jammu and Kashmir dispute in accordance with the UN Security Council resolutions and aspirations of the Kashmiri people.
The Parliamentary Secretary also shared Pakistan's vision and policy of peaceful neighbourhood to help create a win-win framework for development, prosperity and security. She highlighted the efforts Pakistan has and is making to facilitate political settlement in Afghanistan. She articulated Pakistan's perspective on the evolving global and regional developments, while emphasizing NAM's role to address challenges to international peace, security and prosperity, especially through promoting respect for international law.
While underlining Pakistan's unparalleled efforts, achievements and sacrifices in the fight against terrorism, Andleeb Abbas stressed the need for enhanced international cooperation and addressing the root causes of terrorism. She also cautioned against politicization of the global counter terrorism efforts and called for holding individuals to account under the UN's sanctions regime who have committed acts of terrorism but remain outside its jurisdiction so far.
The Ministerial meeting adopted a Final Document that captures NAM's long-standing positions on the full range of global and regional issues that have a bearing on issues of peace, security and development.
Consisting of 120 Member States and 27 Observers, the Non-Aligned Movement has played a seminal role in upholding the UN Charter principles, international law and global norms. Pakistan has regularly participated in NAM meetings and contributed significantly to shaping its positions. Pakistan's participation in this meeting is illustrative of its commitment to NAM's role, contribution and relevance in the contemporary world.-PR
Emmay Zed Publications (Private) Ltd
Document AIWBUR0020190722ef7m00009


Indian troops martyr one youth in IoK
103 words
18 July 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
Indian troops in their fresh act of state terrorism martyred a Kashmiri youth in Sopore town, Indian Occupied Kashmir (IoK) on Wednesday.
The youth identified as Adnan Channa was killed by the troops during a cordon and search operation in Gund Brath area of the town, reported.
The martyr was a resident of Old Town, Baramulla. The killing of Adnan Channa triggered shutdown in Sopore and Baramulla towns. The locals took to the streets and held anti-India protests against the killing. The authorities suspended internet services and closed all educational institutions in Sopore and Baramulla.
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190718ef7i0002o


HT Mumbai, Column
Why justice matters in Jammu and Kashmir
Harinder Baweja
661 words
17 July 2019
HT Columnists
HTCOLM
English
Copyright 2019. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved.
Mumbai, July 17 -- Think about it. Why does India get prickly each time allegations of human rights abuse in Jammu and Kashmir are placed at its door? Is it because there is some truth in the allegations?
Dismissing an updated report by Office of UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), which faulted both India and Pakistan for not improving the situation in Kashmir, a ministry of external affairs spokesperson said last week, "A situation created by years of cross-border terrorist attacks emanating from Pakistan has been analysed without any reference to its causality." He added that the report "seems to be a contrived effort to create an artificial parity between the world's largest and most vibrant democracy and a country that openly practices statesponsored terrorism."
Yes, it can be said, with no hesitation at all, that Pakistan has for long sponsored terrorism, and will likely continue to practise its "bleed India through a thousand cuts" policy. It has suffered humiliation at the hands of the United Nations Security Council, which recently declared Jaish-e-Mohammad chief Masood Azhar a global terrorist. But that tag too is unlikely to lead to the Pakistani deep State severing its ties with the jihadi outfits it sees as "assets."
But is it enough for India to point to "causality", without introspecting on the fact that Kashmir has a long litany of documented human rights violations that have gone unpunished? The Valley, in fact, has erupted in anger each time the men in uniform have crossed the line, but justice has mostly stayed elusive.
Take two instances.
In 2010, Kashmiris took to the streets after the Army, in a fake encounter, killed three
civilians and passed them off as infiltrating terrorists. The gross violation was proved beyond a doubt. The unsuspecting civilians had been lured to Machil, a forward sector along the Line of Control, and killed in cold blood. Despite an Indian Army court-martial pronouncing five of its men guilty and sentencing them for life, the Armed Forces Tribunal suspended the sentence, arguing that civilians ought not to have been in a forward location, wearing "pathan suits".
Just like in 2010, when over 100 protesting youth were shot dead, in 2016 too, the civilian toll crossed 100 after stone pelters - angry with the killing of militant commander Burhan Wani - took to the streets. Kashmir gave vent to deep anger - not only because Wani was eliminated - but because the trust deficit between the Valley and Delhi had reached break point. The pellet gun became the symbol of oppression. It blinded, maimed and killed. The OHCHR report that India summarily dismissed, pointed to the basic tenets of injustice: "There is no information about any new investigation into excessive use of force leading to casualties. There is no information on the status of the five investigations launched into extrajudicial executions in 2016... No prosecutions have been reported."
Kashmiris live with this reality every day. Why must brazen killings go unpunished? Why lash out at a report that questions excessive use of force?
The Kashmiri wound is deep. One major step would be to reduce the repressive security measures. Instead of negating charges of abuse and human rights violations, India ought to take steps towards setting up a truth and reconciliation commission. Why not encourage public hearings in which victims and their families are encouraged to speak?
Reaching out and admitting to violations will help rebuild trust. Figures that point to a reduction in infiltration are not enough. The problem now centres around homegrown militants. Violations only fuel the cycle of violence. Admit, address and provide justice, for Kashmir is not a piece of real estate, to be ruled by force.
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from HT Columnists.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com
HT Digital Streams Limited
Document HTCOLM0020190717ef7h000gs


Remembering Kashmir Martyrs Day- July 13, 1931
Jamil Chughtai
1100 words
13 July 2019
The Frontier Post
ASFROP
English
Copyright © 2019. The Frontier Post
The gory acts of state terrorism on Kashmiris are not something new in Indian Occupied Kashmir. The people of the valley have been subjected to atrocious state machinery since 1846 after sale of Kashmir by the British Raj to Dogra Raja Gulab Singh under Amritsar Treaty. Muslims of Kashmir have continued to be the major target of unending stints of tyranny unleashed on them first by Hindu Dogra rule and later by the Indian security forces. Between 1846 - the sale of British to Maharaja and 1947 - the forced takeover of Kashmir by India, the battered history of Kashmir happens to unfold yet another gloomy chapter related to massacre of unarmed Kashmiri protesters by Hindu Dogra Raj in 1931 at Srinagar.
On 13 July 1931 as many as 22 Kashmiris were shot down by Dogra police outside Srinagar State Prison when they were agitating against the imprisonment of a Kashmiri named Abdul Qadeer who was being tried on the charges of terrorism and inciting the public against the Maharaja of Kashmir. Abdul Qadeer had delivered a speech in a gathering where he spoke about the discriminatory treatment of the state towards Kashmiri Muslims vis-à-vis the Hindu citizens of the valley. His trial soon drew huge attention of the common Kashmiris and on the day of judgment thousands of people gathered outside the Srinagar Court premises to lodge their protest against the likely outcome of the case. Considering the congregation as an unlawful gathering, the Dogra state machinery sprang into action by first resorting to baton-charge and later opening a straight fire on the agitated Kashmiris killing scores on the spot and injuring hundreds of them.
13th of July is observed every year by people on both sides of the Line of Control and by the Kashmiri Diaspora all over the world as Kashmir Martyrs' Day. While remembering this day serves for paying homage to 22 Kashmiris who laid their lives protesting the prosecution of the sympathizers of Kashmir struggle, the occasion also recalls the day when people of the valley rose against discriminatory Dogra rule and thereby staged the first signs of revolt in opposition to the atrocities being perpetrated on them since 1846. The later days saw instant realization among the otherwise docile Kashmiris to work under popular platforms and initiate unified struggle to win back their legitimate freedom. With the initiation of active uprising, especially after Indo-Pak partition and by-force occupation of Kashmir by India, an unprecedented amount of tyranny has been let loose on Kashmiri protesters and freedom seekers.
Since 1947, three successive generations of Kashmiris have struggled for their right to self-determination despite harshest Indian measures. After the martyrdom of young BurhanWani in 2016, the uprising has scaled new heights, etching out to the world seeking their long over-due attention and moral support for the cause.
During the last three years of the 'Intifada', thousands of Kashmiri freedom-seekers have been killed and brutally injured by Indian security forces.
The count also goes beyond thousands in case of young boys and girls who have been blinded with pellet guns and the Kashmiri woman raped and molested by the Indian military personnel. To add insult to injury, the incumbent BJP government through RSS has continued to work on the shameless strategy of changing the demography of occupied Kashmir by harassing Muslims to leave the area and settling non-locals there.
All along these seven decades, Pakistan has bore the brunt of Indian aggression for extending moral support to the indigenous freedom movement of the people of Kashmir. Young Kashmiris, however, kept laying down their lives for the greater cause of liberation sans logistic and financial support from outside. India's false flag maneuvers such as the Indian Parliament attack (13 December 2001), Mumbai Terror attack (26 November 20087) and Uri Base attack (18 September 2016), have also continued at the same time to label Kashmiri freedom fighters as terrorists and Pakistan as a country that supports terrorism. In the latest enactment of 14th February which resulted in death of over 43 Indian paramilitary soldiers in Pulwama, India has again used Pakistan and the Jaish-e-Muhammad as a scapegoat. In a pre-programmed vengeance spree following the Pulwama incident, Indian military launched search and cordon operations and killed scores of innocent Kashmiris in IOK.
Besides settling scores with people of occupied Kashmir, India simultaneously resorted to target civilians on the Pakistani side of the LoCblattantly violating the Geneva Conventions and tenets of the International humanitarian law.
For satiating their uncalled-for revenge, the Indian security forces have managed to 'bravely' kill over 500 'unarmed' Kashmiris in the span of mere twelve months.
During the last couple of years, the Indian savagery on hapless Kashmiris have also been reported by the UN and various international human rights organizations, including UNHRC, OHCHR and EUHRC. Similarly UNMOGIP (UN Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan) has also gave out an extremely horrendous picture of Indian hostilities on Kashmiris in their recent report. Moreover, in a rare yet highly rewarding development, the Council of Foreign Ministers in its 46th session recently held on the sidelines of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) Conference in UAE has also adopted a resolution that 'condemned in the strongest terms the recent wave of Indian terrorism in Occupied Jammu and Kashmir besides ensuring unwavering support for the Kashmiri people in their just cause'. While this OIC admonishing statement is being taken as a long over-due obligation on the part of Muslim Ummah, it has come as an absolute shock for India because SushmaSwaraj, the Indian external affair minister, was present at the said event as the 'guest of honour'.
On this 13th July again, the Kashmiris all over the world would remember their martyrs and remind themselves; how cheaply they were sold out in 1846 under 'Amritsar Treaty' by the British, how recklessly they were slaughtered by Dogras in 1931 and how their freedom was again deceitfully snatched by India in 1947.
Observing the Kashmir Martyrs' Day in July every year is like earnestly and repeatedly knocking at the conscience of the world human rights bodies to make them realize that practice of human slavery still persists in its worst form in the Indian Occupied Kashmir.
In fact, it is time for the UN and HR observers to come forward and compensate for what they have so far criminally neglected, that is, relieving Kashmiris from the Indian slavery and giving them their right of self-determination, without further delay.
The Frontier Post
Document ASFROP0020190715ef7d00035


Wani's mission continues in Kashmir
SHAFQAT ALI
507 words
9 July 2019
The Nation
AIWNAT
33
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
Pakistan Monday said Burhan Wani's mission for Kashmir freedom continues in the occupied territory 'despite enhanced Indian brutalities'.
In a statement, Foreign Office Spokesperson Dr Mohammed Faisal said a shutdown was observed in Occupied Kashmir on Monday, the third death anniversary of Kashmiri leader Burhan Wani, showing that Indian state terrorism has failed to crush Kashmiris' struggle for self-determination.
Pakistan military's chief spokesperson Asif Ghafoor highlighted the role of heroes in the attainment of collective aspirations of a people in his tribute to the martyred Kashmiri youth, who has become an icon of the rejuvenation of Kashmir freedom struggle.
'Nothing comes without commitment, dedication and sacrifices. Heroes do it at the cost of their today for better tomorrow of next generations,' the ISPR DG tweeted, with BurhanWani hashtag.
Separately, the Foreign Office spokesperson on Monday also welcomed the second report of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights on Jammu and Kashmir, which calls for fully respecting the right to self-determination of the people of Jammu and Kashmir as protected under international law.
The Report once again recognizes human rights violations in Indian occupied Jammu and Kashmir, he added.
'It documents the excessive use of force by the Indian occupation forces, the continued use of pellet guns to kill and maim defenceless civilians and extrajudicial killings in the garb of so-called cordon and search operations,' Faisal said.
He added: 'It also records use of various forms of arbitrary arrests and detentions to target protestors and political dissidents, the impunity from accountability enjoyed by the Indian occupation forces under the draconian Armed Forces Special Powers Act and Public Safety Act.'
The report also notes the restrictions on expression and movement of independent journalists to prevent the voices of Kashmiris reaching the international community, the spokesperson said.
The Foreign Office spokesperson reiterated: 'there is simply no parallel between the horrendous human rights situation in Indian occupied Kashmir and the prevailing environment in Azad Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan.'
Unlike held Kashmir, 'which is the most militarized zone in the world, AJK and Gilgit-Baltistan remains open to foreign visitors.'
Faisal said the only solution to the Jammu and Kashmir dispute is to grant the people of occupied Kashmir the legitimate Right to 'self-determination as recognized by the numerous United Nations Security Council Resolutions, which is essential for the security and stability of South Asia and beyond.'
Pak-India ties have been tense ever since the killing of Burhan Wani, in July 2016. An attack on Indian forces in September 2016 - that killed 19 soldiers in Uri area of held Kashmir - further heightened the tensions. India also claimed it had carried a 'surgical strike' to avenge the Uri attack. Pakistan rejected the Indian assertion.
In February, India accused Pakistan of backing the Pulwama attack that killed more than 40 Indian soldiers. The latest confrontation erupted after the suicide bombing on February 14. The attack was allegedly claimed by Jaish-e-Mohammed. Pakistan denied any link.
News Bites Pty Ltd
Document AIWNAT0020190709ef7900002


IOK: (HR bodies asked to ensure safety of occupied Kashmir prisoners in jails)
108 words
3 July 2019
Pakistan Press International Information Services
PAPRIN
English
Copyright © 2019. Pakistan Press International Information Services
In occupied Kashmir, the Jammu and Kashmir Freedom Movement Chairman, Muhammad Sharif Sartaj has expressed concern over the plight of Kashmiri political detainees languishing in Indian jails.
In a statement in Jammu, he said that the Hindu terrorists affiliated with rightwing organizations were being signaled to commit genocide of the Muslims through raising Jay Shri Ram slogans.
He said the recent murder of Muhammad Tabriz at the hands of Hindu terrorists was a part of the same policy.
He urged international human rights organizations to take special measures for the security of the Kashmiri detainees.
Pakistan Press International Information Services
Document PAPRIN0020190703ef730003c


Indian troops martyr 28 Kashmiris in June
152 words
2 July 2019
Daily Messenger
ASMESG
11
English
Copyright © 2019. Daily Messenger
In occupied Kashmir, Indian troops in their continued acts of state terrorism have martyred twenty-eight Kashmiris in fake encounters during the month of June. According to data issued by Research Section of Kashmir Media Service, troops also destroyed and damaged eighteen residential houses and molested a girl during the month. Meanwhile, thousands of people attended funeral prayers of Hilal Ahmad Butt at Lassipora in Pulwama district who was martyred by Indian troops at Bugam in Budgam district on Sunday. On the other hand, thirty five people were killed and many others injured in road accidents in Kishtwar and Ramban districts. According to Kashmir Media Service, Thirty-four people were killed and several others injured when a bus fell into deep gorge in Keshwan area of Kishtwar district; whereas a driver was killed in a similar accident on the Jammu-Srinagar highway in Ramban district.
Daily Messenger
Document ASMESG0020190702ef720001t


Indian troops martyr youth in Budgam
228 words
1 July 2019
The Frontier Post
ASFROP
English
Copyright © 2019. The Frontier Post
Indian troops in their fresh act of state terrorism martyred one Kashmiri youth in Budgam district in Indian occupied Kashmir, today.
According to Kashmir Media Service, the youth was killed during a violent cordon and search operation launched jointly by Indian Army's 53 Rashtriya Rifles, Central Reserve Police Force and Special Operation Group at Bugam in Chadoora area of the district.
Soon after the killing, the occupation authorities suspended Internet services in Budgam district. The operation was going on till last reports came in.
Meanwhile, the authorities imposed draconian law Public Safety Act on one Ubaid Rashid Mir in Shopian and shifted him to Kot Bhalwal Jail, Jammu. Ubaid, according to the police officer, was arrested in February 2018 and was booked under the PSA one after another.
Meanwhile, the Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference organized a prayer meeting in memory of a 14-year old innocent martyr, Khalid Sharif Mir, on his martyrdom anniversary on Sunday.
Khalid was martyred by Indian troops in a brazen act of terrorism on June 30, 2009. The meeting was presided over by JK MC Chairman Shabbir Ahmed Dar and was attended by party activists including the father of the martyr, Sharifud Din Mir.
Dar said that the young and innocent Khalid was killed only because he was a Kashmiri Muslim and a freedom lover.
The Frontier Post
Document ASFROP0020190701ef710005p


14-year-old martyr Khalid Mir remembered
201 words
1 July 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
The Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference organized a prayer meeting in memory of a 14-year old innocent martyr, Khalid Sharif Mir, on his martyrdom anniversary on Sunday.
Khalid Sharif Mir was martyred by Indian troops in a brazen act of terrorism on June 30, 2009. The meeting was presided over by JK MC Chairman Shabbir Ahmed Dar and was attended by party activists including the father of the martyr, Sharifud Din Mir, reported.
Speaking on the occasion Shabbir Dar said that the young and innocent Khalid was killed only because he was a Kashmiri Muslim and a freedom lover. On that fateful day, Khalid was part of a peaceful demonstration organized by students.
The personnel of Central Reserve Police Force chased the demonstrators and caught Khalid. First they thrashed him mercilessly and then threw him in river Jhelum from the bridge and when he tried to swim to safety, the trigger happy forces opened fire on him killing him on spot.
Shabir Ahmed Dar also paid tributes to the martyr of Chadoora and other martyrs and said that the mission of these great sons of soil would be taken to its logical conclusion.
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190701ef710009f


Indian troops martyr one Kashmiri youth in IOK
132 words
1 July 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
Indian troops in their fresh act of state terrorism martyred one Kashmiri youth in Budgam district in Indian occupied Kashmir, today.
The youth was killed during a violent cordon and search operation launched jointly by Indian Army's 53 Rashtriya Rifles, Central Reserve Police Force and Special Operation Group at Bugam in Chadoora area of the district.
Soon after the killing, the occupation authorities suspended Internet services in Budgam district. The operation was going on till last reports came in.
Meanwhile, the authorities imposed draconian law Public Safety Act on one Ubaid Rashid Mir in Shopian and shifted him to Kot Bhalwal Jail, Jammu. Ubaid, according to the police officer, was arrested in February 2018 and was booked under the PSA one after another.
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190701ef710009e


Media Coverage of Pak-India Standoff 2002: An Analysis
Dr. Muhammad Sajjad Malik and Dr. Pervaiz Iqbal Cheema
6739 words
30 June 2019
Journal of Political Studies
ASPOSC
309
English
Copyright © 2019. Journal of Political Science.
Keywords: Pak-India, media, army, war, standoff, militants
Introduction
Pakistan and India share a long history of conflict. They have fought at least three full scale wars in addition to a number of border skirmishes and even limited wars. The induction of nuclear weapons added a new dimension to the strategic map of South Asia, as many experts thought that the threat of total war may provide an element of stability on the pattern of MAD (Mutual Assured Destruction) between US and former USSR.
However, the Kargil conflict was turning point as Indian policy-makers starting thinking about a limited war in conventional terms even within nuclear umbrella. Indian defence minister George Fernandes tried to put it in perspective while addressing a conference when he said that wars had not become outdated due to nuclear weapons (Rajain, 369, 2005). The time to test this opaque doctrine into practice came soon in the wake of attack on the Indian parliament. The Indian government developed “a dangerous misperception regarding winning a nuclear war against Pakistan, especially during the military standoff of 2001-2002” (Khan, 80, 2005). It resulted in almost a year-long military standoff soon after attack on parliament of India when the two sides came dangerously close to a full-scale war (Chari, Cheema and Cohen, 153, 2007). The situation dangerous because with mobilization of about 1 million troops, the world saw with awe and fear the biggest movement of troops.
National Security Advisor Brajesh Mishara later said that the Indian leaders made a unanimous decision to move he army. “There was a unanimous decision to let Pakistan know this kind of thing would not be tolerated. A unanimous decision to mobilize. A unanimous decision to cross the Line of Control and the border” (Stolar, April 2, 2012). In an interview in 2006, Mishra said that the action against Pakistan as averted and postponed due to speech made by Pervez Musharraf on 12th January, 2002 in which he promised to take action those involved in militancy by using Pakistan soil and also opposed use of terrorism for the sake of Kashmir. Mishra also said in the interview that the two sides were close to war: “Whether surgical strikes or this or that - it would have been a part of the campaign.... it would have been all out war” (Stolar, March 10, 2008).
However, Jaswant Singh, then external affairs minister, said was not was imminent. “I know there wasn?t even a risk of a full-fledged war or crossing the boundary or the Line of Control” (Stolar, March 10, 2008).
The standoff was the first of its kind between Pakistan and India staged in front of the prying eyes of media of the two nations. The start of the 21st century coincided with the marvel in the advancement of communication technologies. The concept of 24/7 media is a luxury for viewers but a challenge to media mangers. An event like mobilization of armies of two nuclear-armed countries was a feast for hungry news outlets.
The research paper is based on the study of media coverage of 2002 standoff. The confrontation started after the parliament attack and continued till October 2002. The researcher selected the first two days of each January, June and October in 2002 to see the coverage of standoff in the media of two countries.
Two English-language newspapers each from India and Pakistan have been used to scan the coverage on each selected date. Dawn and The Frontier Post have been used for study of coverage in January. But Dawn was paired with Daily Times to scan coverage in June and October. The change of second paper was to see the coverage in two different newspapers to maximize the impact.
However, in case of India, The Hindu and The Tribune were used for study of coverage on all selected dates. The decision to use The Hindu was taken as it is mainstream newspaper which also had a correspondent in Pakistan. The Tribune is based on Chandigarh and is mirror of northern Indian sentiments during conflict.
The conflict for the sake of media coverage has been divided into three phases:
1- Escalation phase: Jan 1-2
2- De-escalation phase: June 1-2
3- Termination of standoff phase: Oct 1-2
The central question is related to the quality and quantity of media coverage in the selected period to see how media treated the 2002 military standoff.
The day-wise media coverage is given below. It has been analysed and is also followed by conclusion on the basis of content analysis of the selected newspapers.
2- Pakistani Media and Military Standoff
Dawn has been used as the main source, while The Frontier Post and Daily Times as the second newspapers to get a more accurate picture of coverage.
I- Dawn
The day-wise coverage in Dawn during the escalation phase is given below:
January 1
The coverage began at high note as 15 news item were carried by the paper on January 1. The tension was running high but a somber news came from Kathmandu where foreign minister Abdul Sattar was present for the Saarc conference. He said that Pakistan will not be the first to start war. The paper reported from Washington that US officials saw a ray of hope for improvement after arrest of Hafiz Saeed of Lashkar-e-Taiba. Another report form the US showed that President George Bush appreciated action against militants. Jawed Naqvi filed from New Delhi that India welcomed the measures against militant groups. A report with dateline London showed that British media was giving more coverage to Pak-India standoff than the ongoing war in Afghanistan.
Other reports in the paper showed that though there were signs that the two country would scale back the buildup but the situation as still tense. Right-wing Jamaat-e-Islmai leaders warned that war was around the corner, while a leader of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) showed concern at the situation. The Line of Control (LoC) was tense as the two sides were trading fire. Another sign of worry was closing down of the communication channel between the two countries and the paper reported that Samjhota train faced closure after about 25 years of service since it was started in July 1976. Domestically, health departments were preparing according to the "war book? and ATMs operations were suspended in border areas. The paper also reported that army was keeping an eye on border tension and army chief Pervez Musharraf said he was satisfied with preparedness of air force.
On the positive side, the paper reported that Foreign Office (FO) announced to use all diplomatic channels to defuse the tension. It also reported that human right groups led by Asma Jahangir organized a peace march at Wagah border but it was dispersed by security forces.
Table 1 Dawn Reports Jan 1
 S. No.    Reports
 1         Islamabad will never initiate action: FM
 2         War seems imminent, says JI leader
 3         Thaw seen in frosty Pakistan, India ties
 4         Pakistan welcomes Indian message
 5         UK media attention shifted to South Asia
 6         Boy injured in Indian shelling
 7         The train that connected divided families
 8         Health deptt preparing for ,,war
 9         Tension on border leads to suspension of AMTs
 10        Crackdown signals easing of tension
 11         Bush hails action against extremists
 12        Commanders review border situation
 13        PPP leader slams Indian war hysteria
 14        Peace rally at Wagah baton-charged
 15        Musharraf satisfied with PAF readiness
January 2
Dawn published 10 stories on January 2 related to the ongoing tension with India. There was a news about Pakistan?s ongoing crackdown on Lashkar-e-Taibaand Jaish-e-Mohammad, as nearly 100 supporters of the two outfits were nabbed. The tension was continuing and Dawn published a news by Reuters that Vajpayee will not meet Musharraf in Kathmandu where the two were going to attend the summit. Similarly, Reuters reports about 15 people killed in Kashmirwas also prominent. Separately, India sent special buses to retrieve passengers on Wagah border.
The paper reported that Musharraf talked on phone with various world leaders while Foreign Minister Sattar was reported as saying that Pakistan was working to normalize the situation. “The President and the Government of Pakistan are making their best efforts to de-escalate tension, preserve peace and avert use of force,” Sattar reported said in an interview (Dawn, January 2, 202). In the middle of tension, the two countries exchanged list of nuclear facilities which is done every year under an agreement.
Table 2 Dawn Reports Jan 2
 S. No.    Reports
 1         India sees no peace talks at Kathmandu
 2         Ramay fears India may occupy part of AJK
 3         Islamabad, Delhi exchange lists on N-facilities
 4         Conviction, punishment of Indian upheld
 5         15 killed in Kashmir violence
 6         World leaders laud Pakistan stance
 7         Two buses to bring stranded people
 8         100 LT, Jaish men held
 9         Efforts on to defuse tension: Sattar
 10        VCOAS visits LoC
June 1
The de-escalation had started by June, 2002 after dangerous buildup. It was also visible by fewer stories as Dawn carried only four news related to India. An important news was about French foreign minister Dominique de Villepin separately calling Indian and Pakistani counterparts to defuse tension. But the conflict was not over yet and the paper reported that many western countries had decided to cut back on no-essential staff at missions in India. Separately, it was reported that Musharraf and Vajpayee would attend a regional summit in Kazakhstan where India would talk about cross border terrorism. However, Pakistan had urged India to hold talks on all issues including Kashmir to end tension.
Table 3 Dawn Reports June 1
 S. No.    Reports
 1         Foreigners urged to leave India
 2         France pursues phone diplomacy
 3         Delhi to take up ,,incursion issue
 4         India advised to grab Almaty opportunity
June 2
The newspaper published seven news. The coverage focused in conflict as it was reported that the UN was pulling foreign staffers out of Pakistan and India. Though, there was also a positive report about Musharraf interview with CNN in which he said that any nuclear conflict was unthinkable. A good news came from Singapore where Indian Defence Minister Fernandes told media on the sidelines of a regional conference that he did not see any immediate threat of war with Pakistan. There were also a speculative news item about possible meeting of Musharraf and Vajpayee in Kazakhstan. Separately, Pakistan was critical of Russia for continuing defence supplies to India. The overall coverage showed that de-escalation had started.
Table 4 Dawn Reports June 2
 S. No.    Reports
 1         Nuclear war unthinkable: Musharraf
 2         UN orders evacuation from Pakistan, India
 3         Fernandes rules out attack
 4         Islamabad criticizes Moscow
 5         4 more die as India continues shelling
 6         India will be responsible for war, says Ghani Bhat
 7         Speculation rife about Pakistan, India talks
October 1
By October it was clear that war clouds had lifted and the conflict had entered in the termination phase. The coverage also decreased considerably and Dawn published only three relevant news on Oct 1. The paper reported junior minister for foreign affairs Inamul Haque saying that tension had come down but the troops were still ready to deal with any situation. Other stories were about Kashmir and were related to routine peace time coverage of Pak-India ties.
Table 5 Dawn Reports Oct 1
 S. No.    Reports
 1         Abdullah favours dialogue
 2         Tension has not eased much, says Inam
 3         Three die in Indian shelling along LoC
October 2
Table 6 below shows that nature of coverage had changed. One of the three stories published on the day reported that Japanese ambassador to Pakistan, Sadaaki Numata, addressing a farewell reception urged India and Pakistan to hold talks. Another report was about Assistant Secretary of State Christina Rocca?s meeting with Musharraf. Her visit was symbol of end of the conflict. Also, a standard news from India showed that Deputy Prime Minister L.K. Advani accused that Pakistan was center of terrorism.
Table 6 Dawn Report Oct 2
 S. No.    Reports
 1         Japan asks Pakistan, India to resume talks
 2         Pakistan termed epicenter of terrorism
 3         Rocca calls for India, Pakistan talks
II- The Frontier Post
Daily Times (DT) has been selected as the second newspaper to gauge the coverage in the given period but since regular printing of the paper started on April 8, 2002, the escalation period is not covered by it. To fill this gap, another important paper of those days e.g. The Frontier Post (FP) has been used to scan the coverage in the escalation phase (Jan 1-2, 2002).
January 1
The Frontier Post published seven stories on the first day of January. The tension with India dominated the contents. The paper in its main headline reported that a meeting of Corps Commanders was held in Rawalpindi to discuss the security situation. Another report showed that Musharraf was briefed about preparations of air force. It was also reported that India was not interested in talks with Pakistan during Saarc summit in Kathmandu. Responding to reports that India demanded handing over of certain individuals, FO said it was not possible. Other reported showed that Indian businessmen would not participate in a trade show in Pakistan while Kashmir groups warned of disaster in case of war.
Table 7 FP Reports Jan 1
 S. No.    Reports
 1         Army in top operational gear
 2         India rules out talks during Saarc summit
 3         Pakistan open to mediation, diplomacy
 4         President briefed on PAF preparedness
 5         Indian traders not to attend exhibition
 6         Pakistan-India war to wreak havoc: JKLF
 7         Indian court moved for Kashmir freedom
January 2
The paper captured the rising tempers with nine news items. An important news was about the joint meeting of Cabinet and National Security Council to ponder over the security threats by India, while senior army officials visited the LoC to assess the situation. Once again it was reported that India was not interested in talks but Track II diplomacy experts and former foreign secretary Niaz Naik was reported as saying that a meeting on the sidelines of Saarc could be held. An important news was about exchange of list of nuclear facilities despite running tension which showed that a key bilateral agreement was still operational.
Table 8 FP Reports Jan 2
 S. No.    Reports
 1         Pakistan, India share nuclear info
 2         Cabinet, NSC joint meeting to discuss border situation
 3         Delhi says no talks with Islamabad
 4         Yusaf visits LoC
 5         Saarc summit revives hopes for peace in region
 6         India deploys more troops along Kashmir border
 7         Saarc ministers laud Pakistans restraint policy
 8         India blamed for violating Lahore-Delhi bus deal
 9         Musharraf-Vajpayee meeting possible at Saarc summit: Niak
III- Daily Times
The rest of coverage during the selected period has been given through Daily Times, which usually gave wide coverage to the issues between Pakistan and India. First, coverage for de-escalation period has been given below.
June 1
The paper published nine stories in the first selected day. Indian Defense Minister George Fernandes was reported saying that war was not imminent despite tension with Pakistan, while US asked its nationals in India to leave the country. A reports was published which quoted Christian Science Monitor that India was thinking for a limited 10-day showdown in Kashmir if “infiltration did not significantly drop” (Daily Times, June 1, 2002). The situation was tense on the LoC where an Indian drone crashed while the two sides exchanged heavy artillery fire. Daily Times also carried a report by Jane?s Defence that India has 150 warheads as compared to Pakistan?s around 50. Another report showed Pakistan was not happy with Russia for its uninterrupted weapons supplies to India. The paper also ran a report by Reuter that monsoon season will be crucial factor in case of war.
Table 9 DT Reports June 1
 S. No.    Reports
 1         Border situation stable: Fernandes
 2         Western states allow staff to leave India
 3         India planning 10-day AJK assault
 4         Unmanned Indian plane crashes near Pak border
 5         Two Pakistani civilians, 2 Indian soldiers dead in LoC shelling
 6         Indian nuke arsenal dwarfs Pakistans
 7         Pakistan raps Russias arms supply to India
 8         Weather a key factor if India, Pakistan go to war
 9         India responsible if war erupts: APHC chief
June 2
The coverage was low as compared to the previous day as the paper carried four news items. A positive news came via CNN as Musharraf told the channel that nuclear war was unthinkable (Daily Times, June 2, 2002). A report from US was published about assessment by the Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS). The think-tank opined that another terrorist incident in India will trigger war (Hasan, 2002). There was also a report about tit-far-tat arrest of diplomats by India and Pakistan over alleged spying.
Table 10 DT Reports June 2
 S. No.    Reports
 1         Nuclear war unthinkable, says Musharraf
 2         End to infiltration no guarantee India wont attack: CSIS
 3         Indian ,,spy nabbed in capital, India alleges ,,tit for tat response
 4         Qazi baiting govt to act against India
October 1
The termination of conflict was greeted by the paper with just one story. It reported FO saying that Pakistan was ready to deal with any threat.
Table 11 DT Reports Oct 1 S. No. Reports 1 Pakistan aware of Indias warlike preparations: FO
October 2
Interestingly, the coverage went up to five news items on the last day of the coverage period. But the elements of tension was considerably muted. Two stories were about Kashmir: one about elections and second about Kashmiri leaders saying in US that Musharraf and Vajpayee can bring peace. It can be termed as routine stuff. The only conflict related news was about Indian Air Chief Marshal saying that IAF can sustain its present level of deployment for one more year. There was also a story about Baghliar project.
Table 12 DT Reports Oct 2
 S. No.   Reports
 1        Kashmiris shun polls 3rd phase
 2        Pervez, Vajpayee can resolve Kashmir: Midways
 3        India can sustain air deployment for another year
 4        India, Pakistan cited for lack of religious tolerance
 5        India agrees to discuss Baghliar project
3- Indian Media and Military Standoff
From Indian side, The Hindu and The Tribune have been used for analysis of the coverage of the military standoff. First, coverage in The Hindu is presented.
I- The Hindu
The two-day coverage for escalation of tension period is given below.
January 1
The paper published nine relevant news items on the first day of the escalation period. The main story was filed by Atul Aneja, reporting about India?s positive response to arrest of Hafiz Saeed and Masood Azhar and dozens of their supporters (Aneja, 2002). Another positive story was about possible meeting of Indo-Pak foreign ministers in Kathmandu where they had gone for Saarc meeting. Yet another pro-peace news was about Vajpayee willingness to do business with Pakistan if the latter was ready to take action against militancy. However, tension was still mounting as Pakistan said that Musharraf would not use India airspace to fly to Nepal for Saarc summit. Defence minister Fernandes warned Pakistan of tough action if diplomatic efforts failed, while ruling BJP supported the decision that Vajpayee should not meet Musharraf in Nepal. There was also a report that Samjhauta Express was being discontinued.
Table 13 The Hindu Reports Jan 1
 S. No.   Reports
 1        Pak. arrests a step forward: Jaswant
 2        A positive signal: Islamabad
 3        Former Lashkar chief arrested
 4        PM extends a `hand of alliance' to Pak.
 5        Musharraf to avoid Indian airspace
 6        They leave for Pak. with misty eyes and memories
 7        `Tough measures if diplomacy fails'
 8        BJP backs PM's decision not to meet Musharraf
 9        Four Pak. soldiers killed in firing
January 2
The coverage was satisfactory as five stories were published. The paper reported that FM Jaswant Singh will not meet his counterpart from Pakistan in Kathmandu. A report from Washington showed George Bush urged India for giving an opportunity to Musharraf to work for peace. An interview of FM Abdul Sattar was also part of reports. Sattar had urged India for starting dialogue (The Hindu, January 2, 2002). The paper also reported that mobilization by India was complete.
Table 14 The Hindu Reports Jan 2
 S. No.   Reports
 1        Jaswant non-committal on meeting Sattar
 2        Give Musharraf a chance, says Bush
 3        Let us start a dialogue: Sattar
 4        'No further troop mobilisation'
 5        11 Pakistan soldiers killed
June 1
The two days coverage in June is about the de-escalation period of the conflict. The paper published eight news items on the first day. There was a report from US that Bush administration was critical of Pakistan?s ongoing support for terrorism beyond its borders. Another reports showed that defence minister Fernandes had rejected any immediate danger of war with Pakistan.
The paper also reported that ex-premier I K Gujral who supported a meeting between Vajpayee and Musharraf during a regional conference in Almaty. Other stories showed that tension was still high as India rejected any idea of talks with Pakistan, while Advani said that India will win in case of war with Pakistan. Two other reports showed that BJP chief Jana Krishnamurthi wanted to teach a lesson to Pakistan while Congress leader Sonia Gandhi was concerned about the tension. An Indian soldier reportedly was killed by Pakistan fire.
Table 15 The Hindu Reports June 1
 S. No.   Reports
 1        Infiltration still on: Powell
 2        Shelling continues
 3        Fernandes downplays threat of war
 4        Gujral suggests PM, Musharraf meet in Almaty
 5        Meeting ruled out
 6        India will be victor: Advani
 7        Sonia concerned over tension on border
 8        Time has come for decisive action: BJP
June 2
The paper carried four news on the second day of de-escalation period. A positive news was from Pakistan which showed that Musharraf ruled out any chance of nuclear war with India, and also rejected news that Pakistan moved missiles close to the border. Advani was still playing a bad cop and the paper reported him saying that India?s response in future would be linked with Pakistan?s anti-terrorism steps (The Hindu, June 2, 2002). Veteran India journalist, K. K. Katyal, wrote that it was not a myth but a fact that militants based in Pakistan were entering Kashmir. The paper had a report about peace activists from South Asians for Human Rights (SAHR) urging for peace and cooperation instead of wars between Pakistan and India.
Table 16 The Hindu Reports June 2
 S. No.   Reports
 1        Musharraf rules out possibility of nuclear war
 2        'Our action will depend on Pak. conduct'
 3        Infiltration not a myth
 4        `War has never solved any issue'
October 1
The paper published two relevant news stories, showing that conflict was averted. One report showed that Vajpayee said Pakistan should be made answerable for terrorism in India. According to the other report, Musharraf had likened the attack in Akshardham in Gujarat with the killing of Muslims but India rejected his assertion.
Table 17 The Hindu Reports Oct 1
 S. No.      Reports
 1           Pakistan must be held accountable: PM
 2           'Musharraf statements on Akshardham unacceptable'
October 2
The second day of conflict termination phase registered just one story. It was not linked to the conflict as US Commission on International Religious Freedomwanted designation of Pakistan and India as “Countries of particular concern" under International Religious Freedom Act of 1998.
Table 18 The Hindu Reports Oct 2 S. No. Reports 1 U.S. panel for naming India, Pak. as 'countries of concern'
II- The Tribune
The Tribune is the second newspaper used from India to analyze the coverage of military standoff of 2002. It is an important paper, which is published from Chandigarh. Its coverage of escalation period (January 1-2, 2002) is as follows:
January 1
The Tribune published 11 stories on the day. The tone of stories showed that tension was running high. For example, it reported that India said arrest of Hafiz Saeed and Masood Azhar was not enough. India summoned Pakistan deputy high commissioner and handed over a list of 20 individuals for action. The paper also reported that Indian air chief said that air force was ready for action against militants in “Pakistan-occupied Kashmir” (The Tribune January 1, 2002). India was not in favour of any talks at the point and BJP supported idea that Vajpayee will not meet Musharraf in Kathmandu on the sidelines of Saarc. However, BJP also said it did not want war with Pakistan.
The paper in another story about the arrest of Saeed and Azhar reported that Jaswant Singh took it as a positive step and said if Pakistan stopped cross-border militancy, “you will find India willing to walk more than half of the distance to work closely” (The Tribune, January 1, 2002) to address difference through talks. Another report showed that Saarc nations supported India for a regional push to curb militancy. The support for reducing tension was also coming from the international community and the paper reported that Britain urged for restraint. There was also a report about suspension of Samjhuta train service.
Table 19 The Tribune Reports Jan 1
 S. No.   Reports
 1        India gives list of 20 terrorists
 2        Step forward by Pak: Jaswant
 3        PM ready to discuss any issue
 4        SAARC backs India on terrorism
 5        UK urges Pak, India to show restraint
 6        Four Pak soldiers killed
 7        22 families from Khalra shift to Patti
 8        Sun sets on Samjhauta Express
 9        IAF fully prepared: Air Chief
 10       BJP against hot pursuit
January 2
The coverage peaked on Jan 2 as the paper published 13 news about the ongoing border tension and related issues. It reported about 10 deaths of Pakistani soldiers across LoC firing. Another report quoted officials that India had not dropped idea of limited strikes (Kaura, 2002). Two reports showed that India was not for talks between top leaders in Kathmandu, while UN chief Kofi Annan urging Pak-India leaders to use the summit for reducing bilateral tension. A report showed that India banned over-flights from Pakistan and Musharraf would have to take a long detour to enter Nepal for Saarc. The paper also reported that India was suffering due to the ban imposed by Pakistan on use of its air-space. Ruling BJP was trying to use anti-Pakistan card for upcoming elections in several states, according to the paper.
There were two other important stories. One was about exchange of nuclear list despite tension between the two countries. It showed that an important bilateral agreement was intact. The second was about a peace rally on Wagah border that was dispersed by the security forces.
Table 20 The Tribune Reports Jan 2
 S. No.   Reports
 1        10 Pak soldiers killed in Poonch
 2        Limited strikes not ruled out
 3        India refuses talks with Pak
 4        Jaswant awaits confirmation
 5        Pervez feels pinch of airspace ban
 6        Last PIA flight leaves for Karachi
 7        Terrorism on top of SAARC agenda
 8        Talk peace at SAARC, Annan tells India, Pak
 9        Britain wants talks between India, Pak
 10       Pak police breaks up peace rally at Wagah
 11       Snapping of air link to cost Rs 50 crore
 12       Offensive on Pak to be BJP poll plank
 13       India, Pak exchange nuke lists
June 1
The Tribune published three stories which showed that the conflict had already peaked in early months of 2002 and started to de-escalate by June. Indian air chief was reported saying that his force was ready to face any threat. Another report showed that India army could not be cowed down by Pakistan?s nuclear threat. An interesting report was about a survey in Kashmir that a vast majority of 61 percent was happy to live with India.
Table 21 The Tribune Reports June 1
 S. No.   Reports
 1        61 pc of Kashmiris want to remain with India
 2        N-threat will not deter Army
 3        Pak missile show ,,Diwali
June 2
The coverage was thin as just three relevant stories were carried. One report was about alleged killing of 13 Pakistani soldiers in the LoC fire, while another reported that Kashmiris will live in peace if cross border militancy stopped. The paper also reported that India demanded payment to share data on floods “thus sending a chilling diplomatic message to the Musharraf regime” (Sharma, 2002).
Table 22 The Tribune Reports June 2
 S. No.     Reports
 1          13 Pak troops killed, bid to blow up Srinagar-Leh highway
 2          Kashmiris want peace via war
 3          Pay for flood data, India tells Pakistan
October 1
The threat of war was over by October. It was witnessed by just two routine stories. One reports showed that Vajpayee wanted Pakistan to stop terrorism, while in the other report India had urged Pakistan to look at its domestic affairs instead of cross border interference.
Table 23 The Tribune Report Oct 1
 S. No.     Reports
 1          Hold Pak accountable: PM
 2          Pervez ,,interfering in Indian affairs
October 2
The threat of conflict had considerably deceased. The Tribune printed just one news item, showing the active phase of tension was over. The report was about Advani saying that the hub of militancy was Pakistan and not Afghanistan (The Tribune, October 2, 2002).
Table 24 The Tribune Reports Oct 2 S. No. Reports 1 Terrorisms epicenter now in Pak: Advani
4- Analysis
Media coverage was quite extensive because in the 12 days of selected period spreading over first two days of three months, the selected newspapers published 138 stories about conflict and its various aspects, including hostile nature of relations. Thus, on average more than 11 stories were published per day, which is quite high. Pakistan newspaper led the coverage with 77 stories while Indian papers followed with 61 stories. So, share of Pakistani media in the coverage was 55.79 percent, while Indian media chipped in with 44.20 percent.
Dawn led the drive with 42 stories, followed by 35 stories published collectively by The Frontier Post and Daily Times. From India, The Tribune published 32 stories, followed by 29 news items carried by The Hindu. Maximum 78 stories were published in two days of January. It was followed by June with 42 stories and October with 18 stories. The number of stories in each month shows the pattern of conflict. At the height of tension, media was in over drive mode for coverage but it lost the passion as the energy fizzled out of the conflict with the passage of time.
The general contents of the stories show that hostility and negativity prevailed in media. There were hardly a comprehensive news item highlighting the dangers of nuclear conflagration and urging for calm and peace. A vast majority of the stories played with hostility and gave headlines to the statements and remarks which were full of hatred. It appears that media was more inclined towards war than peace, and flamed the nationalistic sentiments. But the war was voided as the regional and international situation was not conducive for it.
For Pakistan, the 2002 military standoff came at an inappropriate time. Pervez Musharraf being a military leader had not stabilized his hold after usurping power; he needed legitimacy. The coverage by media shows that he had to balance his military posturing with international pressure and domestic realities. That is why he showed military muscles by mobilizing force but also launched the crackdown on militant groups on demand of India. All papers gave main coverage to arrest of leaders of LeT and JeM. Indian leaders praised the restriction on those groups but also demanded more action.
The conflict was not suitable for Pakistan from a defence point of view. Pakistan had already committed resources on the border with Afghanistan to deal with the threat of terrorism. A war with India would put pressure to shift troops and equipment to the border in the east. How could the US and other global powers involved in the war in Afghanistan allow this to happen? The reason was simple because it would have diluted focus of Pakistan and put pressure on its resources. Another reason for averting the war was that the international community was not ready to absorb the shock of possible nuclear showdown. Hence, the world put pressure to deescalate.
Further, India took time to move its troops and by the time it put resource in place to launch an attack, it found Pakistan in battle ready mode. It showed that Indian war machine was rusty and lost any advantage of early strike.
Media reports showed that the threat of nukes played the key role in stopping India to cross the red line. India was interested in limited strikes but it knew that Pakistan would respond with full force and the situation would go out of control.
Alastair Campbell wrote in The Guardian about a meeting with two senior Pakistani generals, who told that it would take just 8 seconds to target India. “When the time came to leave, the livelier of the two generals asked me to remind the Indians: "it takes us eight seconds to get the missiles over?, then flashed a toothy grin” (Sajjad, 2015).
It showed that threat of nuclear war was real and it worked to stop the two sides from going to the abyss. The international community was instrumental in playing a sobering role in the entire crisis.
A key step by Pakistan to cool Indian anger was a speech by Musharraf on Jan 13. He pledged to control those elements which according to India were sneaking into Kashmir. On the practical side, Musharraf banned some groups allegedly involved in terrorism (Musharraf, 2001). Indian National Security Advisor Mishra also said in an interview that speech by Musharraf had helped to calm down the situation (Stolar, March 10, 2008).
The diplomatic intervention by the US was another decisive factor. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage visited the two countries in May and the security situation started to improve as result of his talks. The de-escalation started and by October the two sides started pulling back troops and the threat of conflict was over.
The tension continued for a period of 10 months and it had impact on both nations. Reportedly India lost about 2,000 troops while Pakistan suffered less than three dozen deaths. According to defence minister Fernandes: “The number of army personnel killed or wounded in Jammu and Kashmir and the western sector during the mobilization, Operation Parakram, from December 19, 2001 to October 16, 2002, was 1,874” (Pandit, 2003). The cost for Pakistan in terms of men was around 34 deaths of soldiers and injuries to another 10. “The buildup cost India nearly 4-billion dollars as compared to Pakistan?s 1.4 billion dollars” Pandit, 2003).
5- Conclusion
The 2002 military standoff created war-like situation between Pakistan and India but the tension remained localized and restricted. The research has dealt in details with the central question about the quality and quantity of media coverage of the standoff. Media coverage was aggressive and partisan on the nationalistic lines as patriotic sentiments were high. Media practitioners failed to observe neutrality in the looming conflict. Rather, media and journalists mostly became parties with their respective governments.
The aggressive part of coverage has been proved by the number of news stories published in the selected newspapers. Day-wise coverage shows more than 11 stories published in the four selected newspapers, which were scanned for this study. The nature and contents of coverage was skewed in favour of national policies towards each other?s country. It was understandable and might have been difficult for the media to go against the popular sentiments, especially when the two nuclear-armed countries were in the war-like posture. But it was worrying to note that media could throw all ethics to air while dealing with key human issues like war.
Thus, the main question has been answered. It shows that the quantity of media coverage was good but its quality was not up the standards of free media. There was dearth of news stories about the importance of peace and addressing the problems between the two countries through talks. The threat of nuclear war and consequent destruction was also conveniently overlooked. India undertook a costly adventure by mobilizing the troops but it didn?t produce anything tangible. Its mission of limited strikes failed and along with it the efforts to stop the alleged infiltrations. It had to go back with a vague promise by Musharraf that Pakistan would launch action against those trying the go across the LoC. India also failed to cow down Pakistan by adopting a threatening tone and mobilizing armed forces.
The research showed that India was divided on the central issue of magnitude of use of force. Mishara said that there was unanimity about using full scale force and war was imminent but averted due to speech by Musharraf. But Jaswant Singh said there was no threat of total war. The contradiction tells about lack of consensus on the issue of war in Indian government. The study tells that the international community led by the United States was in no mood to let the region become a victim of nuclear war. The consideration was also strategic as global efforts to root out terrorism from Afghanistan would have suffered in case of war between Pakistan and India.
Pakistan adopted a two-pronged strategy which worked in its favour. First, it announced crackdown against the groups Indian alleged for the attack at parliament, and second it took clear position that India would not be allowed to take any punitive action inside its territory. It was quick to move the army and face India in case of war. Good sense prevailed in the end and the armies were pulled back by the end of the year. But media in both Pakistan and India once again proved that in case of war, it sides with the respective governments and fails to uphold the job of an impartial watchdog.
References
Aneja, Atul. (2002, January 1). Pak. arrests a step forward: Jaswant. The Hindu.
Chari, P.R. Pervaiz Iqbal Cheema, and Stephen P. Cohen. (2007). Four Crises and a Peace Process: American Engagement in South Asia. Brooking Institution Press.
Daily Times. (2002, June 1). India planning 10-day AJK assault. Daily Times.
Daily Times. (2002, June 2). Nuclear war unthinkable, says Musharraf. Daily Times.
Dawn. (2002, January 2). Efforts on to defuse tension: Sattar. Dawn.
Hasan, Khalid. (2002, June 2). End to infiltration no guarantee India won?t attack: CSIS. Daily Times.
Kaura, Girja Shankar. (2002, January 2). Limited strikes not ruled out. The Tribune.
Khan, Zulfiqar. India-Pakistan Nuclear Rivalry: Perceptions, Misperceptions, and Mutual Deterrence. Islamabad: Asia Printers.
Musharraf, Pervez, (2001, January 12). Address on Pakistan Television. Retrieved May 25, 2015, 4.30pm: http://www.satp.org/satporgtp/countries/pakistan/document/papers/2002Jan12.htm[http://www.satp.org/satporgtp/countries/pakistan/document/papers/2002Jan12.htm].
Pandit, Rajat. (2003, March 1). India suffered 1,874 casualties without fighting a war. Time of India.
Rajain, Arpit, (2005). Nuclear Deterrence in South Asia: China, India and Pakistan. New Delhi: SAGE Publication Ltd.
Sajjad, M. (2015). Role of Media in Pakistan-India Peace Process: 2000-2010 (Doctoral dissertation, National Defence University).
Sharma, Rajeev. (2002, June 2). Pay for flood data, India tells Pakistan. The Tribune.
Stolar, Alex. (2008, March 10). To the Brink: Indian Decision-Making and the 2001-2002 Standoff. Retrieved April 2, 2012. 4:05 pm: http://www.stimson.org/spotlight/to-the-brink-indian-decision-making-and-the-2001-2002-standoff/[http://www.stimson.org/spotlight/to-the-brink-indian-decision-making-and-the-2001-2002-standoff/].
The Hindu. (2002, January 2). Let us start a dialogue: Sattar. The Hindu.
The Hindu. (2002, June 2). Our action will depend on Pak. Conduct. The Hindu.
The Tribune. (2002, January 1). IAF fully prepared: Air Chief. The Tribune.
The Tribune. (2002, January 1). PM ready to discuss any issue. The Tribune.
The Tribune. (2002, October 2). Terrorism?s epicenter now in Pakistan: Advani. The Tribune.
Department of Political Science, University of Punjab
Document ASPOSC0020190722ef6u0000k


THE GLOBAL TERRORIST
S.M. HALI
1082 words
30 June 2019
South Asia
ASASIA
33
23
English
Copyright © 2019. CMC Pakistan
The Sanctions Committee of the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) 1267 has designated Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM) leader Masood Azhar as a global terrorist after China did not raise any further objections to a fresh move by France, the United Kingdom and the United States to get him listed.
India had been seeking Azhar’s listing since 2016, but the latest push came after the February 14 Pulwama attack on the Central Reserve Police Force in Indian-held Kashmir, which was reportedly claimed by the JeM. The Indian resolution was backed by UNSC permanent members, namely the US, United Kingdom and France. China had been blocking the listing by applying technical holds.
After Pulwama, India tried to politicize the listing of Masood Azhar by linking him with state institutions and also terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir (JandK).
China and Pakistan succeeded in avoiding the UNSC and brought back the matter to the sanctions committee, delinking it with state institutions and labelling of the JandK movement as terrorism. Interestingly, Masood Azhar and JeM were defunct and disbanded since 2002 and was barred from traveling abroad so he could not maintain any bank accounts nor was he able to own or carry any weapons.
The listing of Masood Azhar as a global terrorist by the Sanctions Committee under 1267 will put restrictions on Masood Azhar such as no foreign travel, no holding of bank accounts and no bearing of weapons.
Pakistan has no additional penalties nor is it bound to take legal action against Masood Azhar; however, his listing is being exploited by India, especially Modi, as a big success. While trying to denigrate Pakistan, India needs to look inwards as, on the same day, a Naxalite attack in India killed 26 commandos. There are numerous indigenous insurgencies prevalent in India because of the oppression of its minorities, yet it is hell bent upon defaming Pakistan.
The origins and activities of Masood Azhar are questionable. He joined the Afghan-Soviet war in the 1990s and returned after sustaining injuries. He became the head of Harkat-ul-Ansar and was constantly traveling abroad to broaden his contacts and raise funds for his organization. Azhar confessed that in 1993 he traveled to Nairobi, Kenya to meet with leaders of al-Itehaad al-Islamiyah, an al-Qaeda aligned Somali group, which had requested funds and recruits from Harkat-ul-Mujahideen (HuM). Indian intelligence officials believe that he made at least three trips to Somalia and that he also helped bring Yemeni mercenaries to Somalia.
In early 1994, Azhar travelled to Srinagar under a fake identity, to ease tensions between Harkat-ul-Ansar's feuding factions of Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami and Harkat-ul-Mujahideen. India arrested him in February from Khanabal near Anantnag and imprisoned him for his terrorist activities with the groups. In 1998, the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in its report stated, "HuA is an Islamic extremist organization.”
In July 1995, six foreign tourists were kidnapped in Jammu and Kashmir. The kidnappers, referring to themselves as Al-Faran, included the release of Masood Azhar among their demands. One of the hostages managed to escape whilst another was found in a decapitated state in August. The others were never seen or heard of since 1995. The FBI had interrogated Azhar many times during his jail stay on the locus of the kidnappings.
In December 1999, an Indian Airlines aircraft, flight 814 (IC814) enroute from Kathmandu in Nepal to New Delhi was hijacked and eventually landed in Kandahar, Afghanistan after being flown to various locations. Three militants - Mushtaq Ahmed Zargar, Ahmad Omar Saeed Sheikh, and Masood Azhar were released in exchange for freeing the hostages. These militants have since been implicated in other terrorist actions, such as the false flag operation of December 2001 - an assault on the parliament building in New Delhi; the 2002 kidnapping and murder of Daniel Pearl; another major Indian false flag operation in 2008 - the Mumbai attacks. The hijacking has been seen as one of the millennium attack plots in late December 1999 and in early January 2000 by al-Qaeda-linked jihadists.
Following the 13 December 2001 attack on the New Delhi parliament, India deployed its troops in a belligerent fashion to attack Pakistan. Swift redeployment by Pakistani armed forces deterred the attack but Indian troops remained poised for assault for ten months. Daniel Pearl’s brutal assassination became an international scandal while India continues to use the 2008 Mumbai qttacks to flog Pakistan.
Some analysts say that Masood Azhar, during his incarceration had been turned by India and since his release, has been used by the Indian spy agency RAW to further its machinations against Pakistan.
In 1999, after Masood's release, the Harkat-ul-Ansar was proscribed by the U.S. and added to the list of banned terrorist organizations. This move forced Harkat-ul-Ansar to change its name to Harkat-ul-Mujahideen (HuM). Jaish-e-Muhammad was set up in 2000 and has been deemed culpable for numerous attacks such as the 2001 attack on Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly, the 2001 Indian parliament attack, the 2016 Pathankot airbase attack, the 2016 attack on the Indian mission in Mazar-i-Sharif, the 2016 Uri attack and the 2019 Pulwama attack, each of which has had strategic consequences for Pakistan-India relations. After the Uri and Pulwama attacks, India tried to launch surgical strikes against Pakistan but these failed miserably.
Besides operating in Indian Occupied Kashmir (IOK), Masood Azhar caused irreparable damage to Pakistan by creating the Punjabi Taliban, a loose confederation of jihadists, also consisting of sectarian elements. Though the JeM was banned in 2002 by Pakistan, its activities continued, and Masood Azhar has roamed freely. Now, with the UN proscription, it is hoped that the group is permanently shut down and its head not allowed to continue his activities.
Pakistan needs to be wary of RAW proteges operating in Pakistan and decry Indian efforts to defame the just freedom struggle of the Kashmiris. Pakistan will have to clean the Augean Stables of militant groups and non-state actors that promote hateful, divisive and sectarian narratives. Their funds must be choked and their organizational capabilities neutralized. The National Action Plan must be implemented in letter and spirit. It is also hoped that the blacklisting of Masood Azhar will help strengthen the country’s case with FATF, to prove that Pakistan is working hard to eliminate all militant outfits.
AWZ Publications and CMC Pvt. Ltd
Document ASASIA0020190614ef6u0001e


Indian troops martyr one Kashmiri youth
159 words
28 June 2019
The Frontier Post
ASFROP
English
Copyright © 2019. The Frontier Post
In occupied Kashmir, Indian troops in their fresh act of state terrorism martyred one Kashmiri youth in Pulwama district, on Wednesday.
The troops martyred the youth, Shabbir Ahmad Malik, during a violent cordon and search operation at Branpathri Kahlil in Tral area of the district. The operation continued when last reports came in.
Meanwhile, people took to the streets near bus stand and in Nagbal area of Tral town and staged demonstrations against the killing of the youth. Indian police and troops fired pellets and teargas shells to disperse the protesters, injuring several of them.
Also, Indian troops launched a violent cordon and search operation in Tral area of Pulwama district on Wednesday.
The troops cordoned off Branpathri Kahlil in Tral area of the district and launched searches.
Meanwhile, at least three students were killed and four others critically injured when a vehicle fell into River Chenab in Ramban district in Jammu region.
The Frontier Post
Document ASFROP0020190628ef6s0000r


All over in 90 seconds, say Indian pilots on failed Balakot strike
555 words
25 June 2019
Pakistan Today
ASPTOD
English
Copyright © 2019. Nawa Media (PVT.) Limited.
India, following the failed airstrike on February 26 and subsequent humiliation after it failed to back up its claim, has yet again claimed that the purported strike on the Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) camp in Balakot was 'over within 90 seconds' and the mission was carried out with 'such secrecy that not even close family members of the assault team knew about the developments'.
The air skirmish between the arch-rivals followed a suicide bombing, later claimed by JeM, that killed 40 troopers of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) in Indian occupied Jammu and Kashmir's Pulwama on February 14.
'It was over in 90 seconds; we released the weapon and we turned back,' said one of the Mirage 2000 fighter pilots in the first such account of the Indian airstrike. 'No one, not even my close family knew,' the IAF pilot said, asking not to be named.
'Next day, when news broke, my wife asked me whether I was part of the attack. I kept quiet and slept off,' he added.
The Pulwama attack led to an escalation in tensions between India and Pakistan and pushed the two countries to the brink of war as the IAF strike was followed by an engagement by Pakistani combat jets near the Line of Control (LoC) on February 27 which resulted in the downing of at least one Indian MiG-21 jet and the capturing of Wing Commander Abhinandan Varthaman.
Pakistan later released Abhinandan, easing tensions between the two nations.
Speaking on Monday about the IAF air assault, another squadron leader detailed the clandestine operation. 'We flew a lot of Combat Air Patrols (CAP) mostly along Line of Control (LoC),' he said. Flying numerous CAPs along the LoC was a ploy India used to throw off Pakistan's air defenses.
The indication of what was in store came only two days before the strike. 'We knew something was happening, but no one had a clear picture. The number of sorties had increased manifold. Many of us were flying multiple sorties,' the second pilot said.
'While previous CAPs and sorties were without weapons, on [February] 25 at about 4 pm, the Spice-2000 [missiles] was loaded on to the Mirage 2000s. The specific coordinates of the JeM training camp were fed into the weapon systems,' he said. 'We took off at 2 am that night.'
The February 26 operation by IAF involved Mirage 2000s and 2000is that carried out the attack, Sukhoi 30s MKi that acted as decoys and were also meant to provide cover in case the Mirages were intercepted, Phalcon AWACS and Embraer AEWS mid-air refuellers, and Heron drones for photographing the targets after the attack.
The first pilot said that senior IAF officials did not change their daily routines to avoid letting anyone catch a hint of the attack. A diversion was inbuilt into the attack as the IAF fighter pack flew out, taking a circuitous route. 'We deliberately took a long route, flying over the eastern part of the country and when we arrived in Kashmir, we went into radio silence,' the first pilot said. 'Importantly, Pakistani fighters were nowhere near us,' he added.
Did the weapons do the needful? 'Of course, they hit. We had the bull's eye.'
Nawa Media (Pvt.) Limited
Document ASPTOD0020190626ef6p0000j


Attacks against Muslims, other minorities continue in India: US report
364 words
24 June 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
An official US report has said that the mob attacks by violent extremist Hindu groups against the minority communities, particularly Muslims, continued in India in 2018.
The US State Department, in its annual 2018 International Religious Freedom Report, said, 'Mob attacks by violent extremist Hindu groups against minority communities, especially Muslims, continued throughout the year amid rumours that victims had traded or killed cows for beef.'
The report said some senior officials of the ruling Bahartiya Janata Party (BJP) made inflammatory speeches against the minority communities. According to some NGOs, the authorities often protected perpetrators from prosecution, it said.
It said that as of November, there were 18 such attacks, and eight persons were killed during the year. On June 22, two Uttar Pradesh police officers were charged after a Muslim cattle trader died of injuries sustained while being questioned in police custody, the report said.
The US State Department said that there were reports by non-governmental organisations (NGOs) that the government sometimes failed to act on mob attacks on religious minorities, marginalised communities and critics of the government.
It said that the central and state governments, and members of political parties took steps that affected Muslim practices and institutions. 'Proposals to rename Indian cities with Muslim provenance continued, most notably the renaming of Allahabad to Prayagraj. Activists said these proposals were designed to erase Muslim contributions to Indian history and had led to increased communal tensions.'
There were reports of religiously-motivated killings, assaults, riots, discrimination, vandalism and actions restricting the right of individuals to practice their religious beliefs and proselytize, the annual report said.
The report also mentioned the brutal gang-rape and murder of eight-year-old Aasifa Bano of Kathua area of Jammu region of occupied Kashmir. 'On January 10, Jammu and Kashmir police arrested eight men, including four police personnel, in connection with the kidnapping, gang rape, and killing of an 8-year-old girl (Aasifa). The men allegedly kidnapped the victim, took her to a nearby temple, and raped and killed her in an effort to drive her nomadic Muslim community out of the area,' it said.
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190624ef6o0001g


HT Mumbai, Column
'Will push to resolve Kashmir problem'
Harinder Baweja
1302 words
24 June 2019
HT Columnists
HTCOLM
English
Copyright 2019. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved.
Srinagar, June 24 -- Anantnag, a onefrom hour drive Srinagar, lies in the heart of south Kashmir, one of the most troubled zones in the strife-torn Valley. Already, in the few weeks since the genresults eral election were announced on May 23, Anantnag has made headlines or a terror attack that killed a policeman nd five Central Reserve Police Force RPF) personnel as well as for an counter between militants and secuthat y forces claimed the life of an my officer. Pulwama, where 40 RPF troopers were killed in a suibombing de car on February 14, is rt of the constituency. Anantnag is also the place that bred e young Burhan Wani, who disapthe ared into mountains of Tral ly to emerge on social media, AK-47 hand, as the head of militant group zbul Mujahideen. When Wani was illed by security forces in July 2016, Kashmir erupted in massive civilian unrest - over 100 died and several thouinjured sand were in protests.
It is in Anantnag that Hasnain Masformer oodi, 65, a judge of the Jammu and Kashmir high court -he retired in 2016 - entered the electoral fray as a National Conference candidate and won. Masoodi had never dabbled in electand oral politics was surprised when NC president Farooq Abdullah called on him one afternoon in April for a cup of tea, and asked him to join the party. The two had earlier worked together to devise a strategy around the legal battle on Article 35A of the Indian Constitution that allows the state's legislature to define who is a "permanent resident," eligible for special privileges such as government employment and acquisition of property, among other things.
Since 2014, Article 35A has been challenged in the Supreme Court. Both the NC and the Communist Party of India (Marxist) have filed interventions seeking to question the legal challenge. Separately, last year, Article 370, which grants special status to J&K, was also challenged in the Supreme Court.
Significantly, in 2015, in another case, a division bench of the J&K high court comprising Masoodi and justice Janak Raj Kotwal ruled that Article 370 was "beyond amendment, repeal or abrogation". It also held that Article 35A gave "protection" to existing laws in force in the state and to any law enacted after 1954 by the state legislature.
"We were looking for somebody who has the gravitas to take a strong message to the area, particularly on issues like 35A and Article 370," said former chief minister and the NC president's son, Omar Abdullah.
"He is a man who knows the law and can talk about issues that are vital to Kashmir," Farooq Abdullah said.
What do you prefer, HT asked Masoodi - a court of law or the people's court? "As a judge, I would hear and adjudicate on cases that were brought to my court. I couldn't go to somebody's place or choose issues. Now, hundreds of people come without a formal application. The canvas is much wider," he replied.
A postgraduate in law from Harvard University, an Ivy League college in the United States, Masoodi is hardly in a position to choose - Anantnag does that for him, and most of the options are bleak. The data from police records that he used in his election speeches offers a glimpse of his priorities: in five years, 91,000 houses searched in nocturnal cordon-and-search operations, 450 deaths and 32,000 arrests. The statistics he cites feed the anger and alienation experienced by his constituents.
Anantnag constituency comprises 16 assembly segments, each as volatile as the next. Masoodi would know. He escaped a grenade attack at an NC election meeting at party leader Muhammad Ashraf Bhat's home in Tral in April. Masoodi's home in Khrew (a part of Anantnag) was attacked in 2014, when his son, Yawar, a practising lawyer, was NC's candidate for the 2014 assembly elections and two security guards were killed. Despite the risks, winning Anantnag seemed easier than what lies ahead.
Masoodi defeated Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chief Mehbooba Mufti by close to 10,000 votes and the Congress' Ghulam Ahmad Mir by over 7,000 votes, but his victory came out of one of the lowest voter turnouts. Unlike in 2014, when the voter turnout was 28.84%, this year only 8.31%of 1.3 million registered electors cast their vote in an election that was spread over three phases.
This was, in large part, due to Mufti's alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), even though in her 2014 general election campaign, Mufti, who had won from Anantnag, had asked the electorate to vote in large numbers, to prevent the BJP from opening its account in the state. "They will abrogate Article 370 and are a threat to our identity," she had said.
The BJP's election manifesto this year stated that it would do away with articles 370 and 35A - an issue that state leaders from both the PDP and the NC have reacted against.
"We don't have an elected government in Jammu and Kashmir, so there is a lot of pressure on me," Masoodi said.
"Jammu and Kashmir is not like any other state. With the new dispensation at the Centre, issues regarding our identity and autonomy have taken centre stage. We have a right to our identity and I am glad that I have got a chance to voice this in Parliament,'' said the new MP, who feels politics is the best medium to serve the people.
He hopes his legal prowess will stand him in good stead. "Mehbooba Mufti painted our youth as terrorists. Justice has been made unavailable to thousands of people. The state arrests our boys and keeps them in lock-up without FIRs [first information reports]," he said.
Masoodi's ties to Khrew run deep. His mother, Zainab, was the first woman to set up a school in Khrew. She was appointed to do so by Maharaja Hari Singh in 1938. As a judge, he is also known for a verdict which stated that Muslim men's power to divorce their wives was not unrestricted, but needed proof of attempts to settle disputes. Now, as an MP, a large part of his day is spent meeting parents of young Kashmiris who are in detention.
Among those who now flock to him are people who did not vote. "I did not vote. There was widespread fear in Pulwama," said Bashir Ahmad, a government employee.
He, however, sought Masoodi out to help him secure the release of his son, Raees-ul-Islam, currently in jail in Jammu's Kot Balwal. Masoodi's phone rings incessantly and he excuses himself to answer it. "I can't afford to not answer the phone." Another father has called for help.
With the BJP winning 303 seats for a clear majority in Parliament, Masoodi said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been gifted with a unique opportunity to create history. "He can be known as someone who worked for peace in South Asia if he pays heed to our aspirations," Masoodi said.
"I will push very hard for a resolution of the Kashmir problem. We need an 'Operation All Out' to address the alienation. For how long will we keep carrying bodies?" he asked.
Successive chief ministers, including from the NC, have often been ignored by Delhi when they've called for a dialogue. "I don't know about success, but I will definitely make a noise. We deserve to be heard," he said.
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from HT Columnists.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com
HT Digital Streams Limited
Document HTCOLM0020190624ef6o000b7


Words of Courtesy
309 words
21 June 2019
The Nation
AIWNAT
33
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
A recent interaction between the Pakistani and Indian Prime Ministers shows some hopeful signs that the thawed relations between the two countries may be headed towards a friendlier route. In early June, Prime Minister Imran Khan had written a letter to Narendra Modi, where he had reiterated Pakistan's offer to hold dialogue with India to resolve contentious issues, including the Jammu and Kashmir dispute and terrorism, to restore peace in the region. After a few weeks of silence, Indian Prime Minister Modi and External Affairs Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar have replied to these letters, where they have 'responded positively' to Pakistan's offer for talks, according to the Pakistan Foreign Office. The Indian politicians have reportedly gestured India's desire for cooperative relations with all its neighbours and stressed upon the need for a peaceful environment safe from terror.
It is indeed an encouraging step that India has reciprocated the welcoming sentiment that Pakistan intended in its original correspondence. It signals a move away from the hostility that had prevailed between the two countries, particularly from India, during the Pulwama aftermath, where every offer for negotiation by Pakistan was shut down and responded aggressively to.
Yet a shift away from Pulwama aggression does not mean that India is ready for negotiation as of yet. It remains to be seen whether these letters by the Modi administration indicate a change in India's approach towards Pakistan, or whether these are mere words of courtesy, intended to serve as a meagre reply to a letter of congratulations. The language used by India in these letters, especially the use of 'terror' multiple times suggest that it is firm on its previous stances and more impasses are highly likely. Considering the flip-flopping tendency of the BJP, it is difficult to ascertain the impact any such friendly correspondence will have.
News Bites Pty Ltd
Document AIWNAT0020190621ef6l0001s


HT Mumbai, Column
Ex-JeM trainer behinduseofIEDs in vehicles in Kashmir, say officials
Shishir Gupta
688 words
21 June 2019
HT Columnists
HTCOLM
English
Copyright 2019. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved.
New Delhi, June 21 -- Indian intelligence officers and counterterrorism experts in Jammu and Kashmir police suspect that Abdul Rasheed Ghazi, an improvised explosive devices (IEDs) expert and former trainer at the Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) terrorist camp in Pakistan's Balakot, is behind the use of vehicle-borne IEDs in the Valley.
Terrorists used an IED to target an army patrol in Arihal, in Pulwama district, on Monday, injuring a dozen soldiers, two of whom died the following day. The army called the attack "a failed" one and said the IED was "vehicle-based". On Wednesday, another IED was defused by security forces in Shopian district of south Kashmir.
Pulwama in south Kashmir is the site of the February 14 suicide car bombing that killed 40 troopers of the Central Reserve Police Force. In retaliation for the attack, for which JeM claimed responsibility, the Indian Air Force bombed the Balakot terror camp on February 26, heightening tensions with Pakistan and sparking fears of a war between the nuclear-armed neighbours.
According to counterterrorism experts, Ghazi, an Afghan war veteran who belongs to Mansehra in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, where Balakot is also located, is currently in the Kashmir Valley training local JeM cadre in handling explosive devices. The motivation is said to be revenge for the elimination of two relatives of JeM chief Masood Azhar -- Usman Haider and Rasheed -- by Indian security forces in 2017 and 2018, respectively.
Ghazi had personally launched Usman Haider alias Huzaifa, a nephew of Azhar's, and other operatives from the Shakargarh sector in October 2018. Hyder was gunned down by security forces in Tral, Pulwama, on October 30.
Ghazi infiltrated into J&K on December 9 along with three other terrorists and set up an operational base in Pulwama, the people cited in the first instance said. Ghazi is currently hiding in the Valley and is imparting training to local Kashmiris in IED fabrication using locally available explosive material including ammonium nitrate, counterterrorism experts said on condition of anonymity .
According to Kashmir police experts, terrorists are increasingly using vehicle-borne IEDs, or VIEDs, given the fact that the hardcore cadre strength of JeM has been culled to a mere 50-odd while the cadre strength of the Lashkar-e-Taiba, another Pakistan-based terrorist group, in Kashmir is around 30-40.
"The VIED gives total deniability to both Pakistan-based groups though in these cases the group behind the attacks is Jaish. Rather than lose trained terrorists to Indian security forces, the best option is to pack explosive into a stationary car and leave it on rural roads with timed explosion. It is an act of desperation to survive and continue jihad against India," said a senior J& K police officer.
Senior J&K Police officers say that the use of VIEDs is reminisTalha cent of the 2004-2005 period when the terrorist cadre strength of the Hizbul Mujahideenand Pakistan-based terror groups declined. The result was recourse to using vehiclemounted IEDs like in Arihal on Monday.
Pakistan watchers in South Block believe that the Rawalpindi general headquarters is running with the hares and hunting with the hounds following the Balakot strike by the Indian Air Force.
According to them, a classic example of skulduggery on the part of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) was evident in an anonymous caller tipping off the Indian high commission in Islamabad about an impending VIED blast before the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit in Bhishek, Kyrgyzstan, this month and the triggering of such a device in Arihal after the completion of the summit.
"The whole idea is to get total deniability of Pak-based groups and ISI in terror attacks in the state. The so-called tip-off is to remove Islamabad from the list of suspects," said a South Block official on condition of anonymity.
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from HT Columnists.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com
HT Digital Streams Limited
Document HTCOLM0020190621ef6l000jh


Important to build an environment of trust, Modi says in letter to PM Imran
Naveed Siddiqui
593 words
20 June 2019
Dawn
ASDAWN
73
English
Copyright © 2019. Dawn
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and External Affairs Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar have replied to letters by their Pakistani counterparts, said a source in the Foreign Office on Thursday, adding that the officials have "responded positively" to Pakistan's offer for talks.
Earlier this month, Prime Minister Imran Khan, in a letter written to felicitate Modi on assuming office for a second term, had renewed Pakistan's offer to hold dialogue with India to resolve contentious issues, including the Jammu and Kashmir dispute and terrorism, to restore peace in the region, and address the problems confronting the people of the two countries.
Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi had also written a letter to the newly appointed Jaishankar and congratulated him on assuming office.
According to the Foreign Office source on Thursday, the letters were received by Pakistan through diplomatic channels on Tuesday.
In their response, Modi and Jaishankar wrote about comprehensive and fresh talks between India and Pakistan. They said that India desires normal and cooperative relations with all neighbours, including Pakistan, adding that it has always preferred progress and peace of the people.
According to a statement by the Indian External Affairs Ministry, Modi said "it is important to build an environment of trust, free of terror, violence and hostility". Minister Jaishankar also emphasised the need for an "atmosphere free from the shadow of terror and violence".
The sentiments from Pakistan "were also appreciated in the letters", said the Foreign Office source.
'Courtesy' handshake
The letters come on the heels of the first face-to-face interaction between the prime ministers last week, which Qureshi described as a "courtesy" meeting. The foreign minister said Imran and Modi shook hands and exchanged pleasantries during their interaction on the sidelines of the 19th Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit in Bishkek.
Soon after coming to power last year, Prime Minister Imran had expressed the hope that sour relations between the nuclear neighbours would become normal.
However, a war-like situation emerged between Pakistan and India in February after a suicide bombing in India-occupied Kashmir's Pulwama district killed more than 40 Indian security forces personnel. India immediately hurled allegations of Pakistan's involvement, whereas Islamabad strongly rejected the claim and asked for 'actionable evidence'.
The situation aggravated on Feb 25 when Indian fighter jets conducted an airstrike on Balakot in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in retaliation of the Pulwama attack. The next day, two Indian Air Force MiG 21 aircraft were shot down by the Pakistan Air Force in Kashmir and an Indian pilot named Abhinandan Varthaman was captured. However, as a goodwill gesture announced by PM Imran, the pilot was later handed over to Indian authorities.
The premier on a number of occasions had expressed the view that Indian leaders were using anti-Pakistan sentiments to gain people's support in the polls.
Following Modi's election win in May, the premier telephoned his newly elected Indian counterpart to congratulate him.
Last month, Foreign Minister Qureshi had a chance meeting with the then Indian external affairs minister, Sushma Swaraj, on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan.
It was the first face-to-face meeting between the two ministers and the highest-level interaction since the post-Pulwama standoff.
Although Pakistan had closed its airspace for flights to and from India on Feb 26 after the Balakot standoff, Islamabad reportedly made a rare exception for Swaraj to fly directly through Pakistani airspace to attend the SCO meeting.
Pakistan Herald Publications (Pvt.) Limited
Document ASDAWN0020190620ef6k000ba


Indian troops martyr two Kashmiri youth in Pulwama
220 words
15 June 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
Indian troops in their fresh act of state terrorism martyred two Kashmiri youth in Pulwama district, on Friday.
The troops martyred the youth during a violent cordon and search operation at Braw Bandina in Awantipora area of the district. The operation continued till last reports came in.
The troops also launched similar operation at Nehama in Tral area of the district.
Meanwhile, illegally detained brother of a martyred youth from Kulgam district of occupied Kashmir is being denied treatment at Karnal District Jail in Haryana for a grave leg injury caused in detention.
The family of the detained youth fears that he might face amputation of the leg with further delay in the treatment. Troubling them more is the fact that the family members are not being allowed to meet him in the jail.
Sartaj Ahmed Dar and Abrar Ahmed Dar, residents of Sopat in Kulgam district, are brothers of martyr, Shakoor Dar. They were arrested on June 21 last year, days before their brother was martyred by Indian troops during a cordon and search operation on June 24.
On the other hand, , Indian police have arrested two students in Tral area of Pulwama district.
The police arrested the students, Showkat Ahmad Lone and Nadeem Ahmad Wagay, during house raids in Tral.
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190615ef6f0002g


JKFM says rapists, murderers of Aasifa deserved death penalty
217 words
14 June 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
Chairman of Jammu and Kashmir Freedom Movement (JKFM), Muhammad Sharif Sartaj in Indian Occupied Kashmir welcomed the award of sentences to culprits in Aasifa Bano rape and murder case, but said that he was disappointed as the sentences were not in accordance with the nature of the crime.
The 8-year-old Aasifa Bano of Kathua area of Jammu was abducted, gang-raped and murdered by the persons including Indian policemen affiliated with Hindu extremist organizations in January, last year.
A special court in Pathankot on Monday awarded a life sentence to three of the accused for rape and murder while three others were convicted of destroying evidence and awarded a jail term of five years.
Muhammad Sharif Sartaj in a statement issued in Jammu said the perpetrators of this heinous crime deserved death sentences.
He said that if such probes were conducted in the rape and murder cases of Neelofar and Aasiya of Shopian and the Kunanposhpora mass rape incident, they would also get justice.
He also thanked all the people who played their role in highlighting the Aasifa rape and murder case and expressed the hope that they would also project the Shopian and the Kunanposhpora incidents so that the victims could also be provided justice.
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190614ef6e00030


Ali Gilani urges UN, major powers to settle Kashmir dispute
383 words
11 June 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
The Chairman of All Parties Hurriyat Conference, Syed Ali Gilani in Indian Occupied Kashmir, has urged the United Nations and other world powers including the United States, Britain, France, Russia and China to expedite their moral, diplomatic and political efforts to resolve the Kashmir dispute.
According to reporter, Syed Ali Gilani in a statement issued in Srinagar, while strongly reacting to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's assertions, which he made while addressing the Maldivian parliament in Male stressed the world powers to deter India from unleashing barbarism, ruthless killings, incarceration of political activists and gross violation of human rights in occupied Kashmir.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his speech while making a tacit reference to the ongoing freedom struggle in occupied Kashmir called for a global conference to tackle what he said the threat of terrorism in the region and around the world.
Rejecting terrorism in all its forms, the veteran Kashmiri leader asked the world powers to differentiate between terrorism and a legitimate movement for right to self-determination and also take a serious note of Indian state terrorism tin occupied Kashmir to suppress the popular demand for civil liberty and freedom from forced subjugation.
The APHC chairman termed Modi's speech a blatant negation of the hard facts of history of the division of Sub Continent in 1947. He vehemently disproving arguments put forward by Prime Minister Narendra Modi advised Indian Prime Minister not to build castles in the air.'Do not to beat around the bush and do not flee from the reality of Jammu and Kashmir where more or less one million occupational military, paramilitary and police forces have rendered the local population in a hell,' Gilani added.
Terming Kashmir as an outcome of non-compliance of Indian Independence act of 1947, the basic formula for the Partition of India, the APHC leader laid stress on the early resolution of Kashmir issue by granting right to self-determination in a peaceful atmosphere, which has been guaranteed by the United Nations.
Pro-freedom leader castigated the Indian stubbornness of parroting Kashmir as an integral part of it and its illogical rigidity, saying, 'We are not segregating any part of India, but are demanding the end of forcible and illegitimate occupation.'
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190611ef6b0002a


Imran Khan again offers talks to Modi on Kashmir, terrorism
588 words
8 June 2019
Daily Messenger
ASMESG
11
English
Copyright © 2019. Daily Messenger
Pakistan on Friday renewed its offer to hold dialogue with India to resolve contentious issues, including the Jammu and Kashmir dispute and terrorism, to restore peace in the region and address the problems confronting the people of the two countries. The offer was made by Prime Minister Imran Khan in a letter written to his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi to felicitate him on assuming office for a second term after a thumping victory of his Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the recent national elections. In his letter, PM Khan has emphasised that the two sides should shun their differences.
In his previous letter, he had agreed to hold talks on the issue of terrorism on India's demand. According to the state-run Radio Pakistan, the prime minister in his letter has underscored Pakistan's consistent policy of peaceful neighbourhood and the vision of working for durable peace and stability in South Asia with peaceful resolution of all outstanding issues, including the Jammu and Kashmir dispute. The prime minister also emphasised the need to work together on the basis of mutual respect and trust to address challenges faced by the people of both the countries, including poverty and underdevelopment. Mr Khan has emphasised the need for advancing the goals of regional peace, progress and prosperity through collective endeavours. Talking to Dawn here on Friday, Foreign Office Spokesman Dr Mohammad Faisal while confirming that the prime minister had sent a fresh letter to Mr Modi reiterated Pakistan's resolve that Islamabad was ready to hold fresh round of talks with New Delhi, 'if India is ready to do so'. On the other hand, the External Affairs Ministry of India announced that there was no bilateral meeting planned between the prime ministers of Pakistan and India on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation(SCO) meeting next week. Both Mr Khan and Mr Modi are scheduled to attend a summit of the regional bloc, which is to take place in Kyrgyzstan on June 13-14. It is expected that the two leaders will come face-to-face and might even have a handshake when the world leaders at the summit gather for a photo session at its conclusion. 'We are ready to meet the Indian prime minister during the summit, if India agrees to do so,' said Dr Faisal. He reiterated that negotiations were the only solution to all the problems confronting the two countries. Mr Modi was re-elected prime minister for a second consecutive time when his Hindu nationalist BJP-led National Democratic Alliance secured highest-ever 303 seats in the 543- member Lok Sabha (lower house of the parliament) after the recent polls.
The main opposition party, the Indian National Congress, got 52 seats. Soon after coming to power last year, PM Khan had expressed the hope that sour relations between the nuclear neighbours would become normal after the Indian elections and was of the view that Indian leaders were giving anti-Pakistan statements to gain people's support in the polls. Meanwhile, Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi has also written a letter to newly-appointed Indian External Affairs Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar and congratulated him on assuming office. A war-like situation emerged between Pakistan and India in February after a suicide bombing in India-held Kashmir's Pulwama district killed more than 40 Indian security forces personnel. India immediately hurled allegations of Pakistan's involvement, whereas Islamabad strongly rejected the claim and asked for 'actionable evidence'.
Daily Messenger
Document ASMESG0020190617ef6800034


PM again offers talks to India on Kashmir, terrorism
Syed Irfan Raza
856 words
8 June 2019
Dawn
ASDAWN
73
English
Copyright © 2019. Dawn
Asianet Pakistan Private Limited
Pakistan on Friday renewed its offer to hold dialogue with India to resolve contentious issues, including the Jammu and Kashmir dispute and terrorism, to restore peace in the region and address the problems confronting the people of the two countries.
The offer was made by Prime Minister Imran Khan in a letter written to his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi to felicitate him on assuming office for a second term after a thumping victory of his Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the recent national elections.
In his letter, PM Khan has emphasised that the two sides should shun their differences. In his previous letter, he had agreed to hold talks on the issue of terrorism on India's demand.
According to the state-run Radio Pakistan, the prime minister in his letter has underscored Pakistan's consistent policy of peaceful neighbourhood and the vision of working for durable peace and stability in South Asia with peaceful resolution of all outstanding issues, including the Jammu and Kashmir dispute.
The prime minister also emphasised the need to work together on the basis of mutual respect and trust to address challenges faced by the people of both the countries, including poverty and underdevelopment.
Imran formally felicitates Modi on assuming office for a second term; New Delhi says meeting between two PMs not expected at SCO
Mr Khan has emphasised the need for advancing the goals of regional peace, progress and prosperity through collective endeavours.
Talking to Dawn here on Friday, Foreign Office Spokesman Dr Mohammad Faisal while confirming that the prime minister had sent a fresh letter to Mr Modi reiterated Pakistan's resolve that Islamabad was ready to hold fresh round of talks with New Delhi, 'if India is ready to do so'.
On the other hand, the External Affairs Ministry of India announced that there was no bilateral meeting planned between the prime ministers of Pakistan and India on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) meeting next week.
Both Mr Khan and Mr Modi are scheduled to attend a summit of the regional bloc, which is to take place in Kyrgyzstan on June 13-14.
It is expected that the two leaders will come face-to-face and might even have a handshake when the world leaders at the summit gather for a photo session at its conclusion.
'We are ready to meet the Indian prime minister during the summit, if India agrees to do so,' said Dr Faisal.
He reiterated that negotiations were the only solution to all the problems confronting the two countries.
Mr Modi was re-elected prime minister for a second consecutive time when his Hindu nationalist BJP-led National Democratic Alliance secured highest-ever 303 seats in the 543-member Lok Sabha (lower house of the parliament) after the recent polls.
The main opposition party, the Indian National Congress, got 52 seats.
Soon after coming to power last year, PM Khan had expressed the hope that sour relations between the nuclear neighbours would become normal after the Indian elections and was of the view that Indian leaders were giving anti-Pakistan statements to gain people's support in the polls.
Meanwhile, Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi has also written a letter to newly-appointed Indian External Affairs Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar and congratulated him on assuming office.
A war-like situation emerged between Pakistan and India in February after a suicide bombing in India-held Kashmir's Pulwama district killed more than 40 Indian security forces personnel. India immediately hurled allegations of Pakistan's involvement, whereas Islamabad strongly rejected the claim and asked for 'actionable evidence'.
The situation aggravated on Feb 25 when Indian fighter jets conducted an airstrike on Balakot in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in retaliation of the Pulwama attack and New Delhi later claimed that it had targeted a Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM) madressah in the area. The claim was denied by Pakistan.
The next day, two Indian Air Force MiG 21 aircraft were shot down by the Pakistan Air Force in Kashmir and an Indian pilot named Abhinandan Varthaman was captured. However, as a goodwill gesture announced by PM Khan, the pilot was later handed over to Indian authorities.
Last month, Foreign Minister Qureshi had a chance meeting with the then Indian external affairs minister, Sushma Swaraj, on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan.
It was the first face-to-face meeting between the two ministers and the highest-level interaction since the post-Pulwama standoff.
Although Pakistan had closed its airspace for flights to and from India on Feb 26 after the Balakot standoff, Islamabad reportedly made a rare exception for Swaraj to fly directly through Pakistani airspace to attend the SCO meeting.
After the meeting, Mr Qureshi had said: 'We made it clear to her that we want all the matters resolved through dialogue, and that Prime Minister Imran Khan had said in his very first speech that if India takes one step forward, we would take two steps forward. Even today we are ready for a dialogue.'
Pakistan Herald Publications (Pvt.) Limited
Document ASDAWN0020190608ef680005l


Indian troops martyr three youth in Occupied Kashmir
176 words
4 June 2019
The Frontier Post
ASFROP
English
Copyright © 2019. The Frontier Post
In Occupied Kashmir, Indian troops in their fresh act of state terrorism martyred three youth in Shopian district on Monday.
They were killed in firing by Indian troops on their vehicle in Moolu Chitragam area of the district.
Two of the three martyrs were identified as Firdous Ahmad Butt and Sajjad Ahmad and they were residents of Kulgam.
The killing triggered anti-India protests in South Kashmir.
Several people were injured after Indian police and paramilitary forces fired pellets and teargas shells on protesters in different areas of Shopian and Islamabad districts.
Clashes also erupted between the protesters and the Indian forces during a cordon and search operation in Tarigam area of Kulgam district.
The troops also launched a search operation in Tral area of Pulwama district.
A youth, Mehran Ahmed Banday, who was injured after being hit by pellets in his head in September, last year, succumbed in Srinagar.
Indian Border Security Force killed an unarmed person at Bhag Nallah in Pargwal-Khour area of Jammu region.
The Frontier Post
Document ASFROP0020190612ef6400037


Indian troops martyr three more Kashmiri youth in Occupied Kashmir
345 words
1 June 2019
The Frontier Post
ASFROP
English
Copyright © 2019. The Frontier Post
In occupied Kashmir, Indian troops in their fresh act of state terrorism martyred three more Kashmiri youth in Shopian district, on Friday.
The troops martyred the youth during a cordon and search operation in Dragad Sugan area of the district.
Forceful anti-India demonstrations erupted in the area as people took to the streets against the killing of the youth.
Indian police and troops fired pellets and teargas shells to disperse the protesters, triggering clashes between the demonstrators and the forces' personnel.
The occupation authorities have snapped mobile internet service in the district.
Meanwhile, complete shutdown is being observed in Sopore area of Baramulla district, today, against the killing of two youth by Indian troops.
The youth, Aasif Ahmed War and Naseer Ahmed Mir, were martyred by the troops during a cordon and search operation in Dangarpora area of Sopore town, yesterday. All shops and other business establishments are closed while traffic is off the road in Sopore and its adjoining areas to protest against the killing of the youth.
Also on Friday, Kashmir Day and Al-Quds Day, today, was marked by forceful anti-India and anti-Israel demonstrations and rallies were held across the territory. Indian troops injured and arrested several people after using brute force against the protesters.
The call for observance of the day was given by Syed Ali Gilani and Mirwaiz Umar Farooq.
People took to the streets in Srinagar, Badgam, Magam, Ganderbal, Shopian, Islamabad, Kokernag, Pulwama, Kulgam, Kupwara, Bandipora, Baramulla and other areas raising high-pitched pro-freedom, anti-India and anti-Israel slogans. The demonstrations were led by Hurriyat leaders including Maulana Masroor Abbas, Shabbir Ahmed Dar, Imtiyaz Ahmed Reshi, Bashir Qureshi and Ghulam Nabi Waseem. Indian police and troops fired pellets and teargas shells to disperse the protesters at different places.
A resolution drafted by Joint Resistance Leadership was read out and passed during Juma congregations at different mosques, shrines and imambargahs across the territory that called for an end to military occupations in Kashmir and Palestine.
The Frontier Post
Document ASFROP0020190603ef610000f


Indian troops martyr one Kashmiri youth in Kulgam
146 words
30 May 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
In occupied Kashmir, Indian troops in their fresh act of state terrorism martyred one Kashmiri youth in Kulgam district.
The troops martyred the youth during a cordon and search operation in Tazipora area of the district.
The cordon and search operation was started late yesterday (Tuesday) evening, a police officer told media men.
The occupation authorities have suspended mobile internet services in Kulgam district.
On the other hand, a 34-year-old civilian, Feroz Ahmed Gojri, was shot at and injured by unidentified gunman at Zaloora in Sopore area of Baramulla district.
Meanwhile, an Indian Army officer of Major rank namely Rahul Singh (32) died due to cardiac arrest in Machil area of Kupwara district while a soldier of 4th Madras regiment was injured due to accidental gunshot at Chokwas post Gohalan in Uri area of Baramulla district.
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190530ef5u00002


HT Mumbai, Column
The politicisation of the armed forces must stop
Deepak Kapoor
820 words
23 May 2019
HT Columnists
HTCOLM
English
Copyright 2019. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved.
Mumbai, May 23 -- Thanks to the recently concluded general elections, national security has been brought into focus. Whether it will continue to remain in focus depends on the new dispensation that comes to power. An inescapable feature of a national security discourse is that the military of the nation occupies a prominent space. Thus, despite steadfastly straining to remain apolitical on its own, the military becomes vulnerable to politicisation when opposing parties try to build public support on the basis of their self-proclaimed nationalism.
When we talk of cross-border retaliatory strikes of the military after the terrorist actions at Uri in September 2016 and Pulwama in 2019, these have to be viewed in the context of what they had set out to achieve and how successful they were in accomplishing those goals. They cannot be seen as reflective of a nation's military might since not even 1% of it had been physically employed during the strikes.
The first aim of both the strikes was to retaliate against the terrorist acts against our soldiers at Uri and Pulwama, both of which were aided and abetted by Pakistan. Second, it was to destroy the terror infrastructure created by Pakistan all along the Line of Control (LoC) in support of the proxy war in Jammu & Kashmir (J&K). Third, to send a message to Pakistan that its continued support to the terrorists would invite similar retribution. Lastly, the overall aim was to ensure that peace and normalcy is restored in J&K by stopping Pakistani support to the proxy war.
Retaliatory strikes against the terror infrastructure across the LoC and within Pakistan were largely successful, thanks to meticulous planning and perfect execution by our professional military. However, only the portion of the terror infrastructure which was struck at could be destroyed, leaving the rest of it intact. As a result, there has been no let up in the intensity of acts of terrorism and the situation in the Valley continues to remain highly volatile and turbulent. The low turnout for polling during the Lok Sabha elections is a clear indicator.
A democratically elected government has the constitutional obligation of providing the military with the wherewithal to discharge its responsibilities towards the nation. Regrettably, in the last 10 years the defence budget as percentage of the gross domestic product (GDP) has been progressively coming down and currently stands at an abysmal 1.52% of the GDP against a requirement of approximately 3%. Therefore, our conventional superiority against Pakistan is gradually diminishing and vulnerability vis-a-vis China increasing.
While national security was the central theme of the elections, it is important that serious issues like modernisation of the military, infrastructural development in border areas, civil-military relations and finalising our national security strategy, are part of the new government's agenda for the next five years. If national security was used for securing electoral gains, then its negative effect would certainly contribute to politicisation of the military.
The national security debates have also unfortunately revealed the ignorance of our political class. Engrossed in local issues like employment, poverty, literacy, healthcare, development etc, most candidates in the electoral fray hardly have the knowledge of or inclination to dwell on national security. A glance at the list of incumbents in previous parliaments would reveal the minuscule number who have ever served in the military or have had any formal education or training in it. Worse, the electorate straining to earn its daily bread and butter to survive is much less informed or concerned with national security. Thus, swaying it for electoral gains by proclaiming successes of the military against the traditional adversary Pakistan is certainly leading to politicisation of the military.
This politicisation also leaves an unrealistic and incorrect picture of the state of the nation's military in public perception. All three services are facing major deficiencies and obsolescence of equipment. No wonder the media has been lately full of reports of huge ammunition shortages in the army and avoidable casualties of precious soldiers due to defective ammunition. Yet the feeling generated by the electoral hype is that of strength. In the long run, this does not bode well for the nation's security.
The Indian military is highly professional, secular and apolitical. In the past 72 years since Independence, it has never let the nation down. National security is its prime concern. However, to continue to perform at the same high level, it is essential that its apolitical character is sustained and it is provided with the necessary wherewithal to discharge its responsibility honourably. This can only be ensured by the political authority of the nation.
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from HT Columnists.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com
HT Digital Streams Limited
Document HTCOLM0020190523ef5n000jh


Access to justice denied in IOK, admits former HC judge
223 words
20 May 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
Former High Court Judge Justice (Retd) Hasnain Masoodi has demanded the Indian authorities to repeal SROs [Statutory Rules and Orders] 149 and 313, saying fundamental right of access to justice is being denied to people in every nook and corner of the Kashmir Valley.
As per SRO-149 of 2019 and SRO-313 of 2019, the cases of the people detained under Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and Prevention of Terrorist Act have been ordered to be dealt with exclusively by a special court at Srinagar.
'As a consequence, those detained in every nook and corner of the Kashmir Valley is perforce made to come to Srinagar (special court). This means that access to justice which is a fundamental right is denied to them,' Justice (Retd) Masoodi told reporters in Srinagar.
'Youth from far-flung areas like Chatergul, Larnoo or other places are made to visit the special court at Srinagar. I demand that both SRO 149 and SRO 313 of 2019 be rescinded and sessions judge in every district shall be given the power to try such cases so that youth who have been implicated or facing such charges get justice within their own district and getting justice is not delayed rather does not become impossible as is the case presently,' he said.
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190521ef5k0002c


Indian troops martyr four more youth in IHK
149 words
20 May 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
Indian troops in their fresh acts of state terrorism martyred four Kashmiri youth in Pulwama and Baramulla districts, Indian Held Kashmir (IHK) on Sunday.
The troops martyred three youth, Showkat Ahmed Dar, Irfan Ahmed and Muzaffar Ahmed, during a cordon and search operation in Panzgam area of Pulwama district in the wee hours, today, reported.
The troops also blasted a house in the area with explosive material. The troops martyred another youth during a similar operation in Hatlangoo area of Sopore in Baramulla district.
Forceful demonstrations erupted at Panzgam against the killing of the youth. Indian forces' personnel fired pellets and teargas shells to disperse the protesters, triggering clashes.
The occupation authorities snapped internet service in Awantipora and its adjoining areas and in Sopore town. The authorities continued to suspend train service in south Kashmir for the 2nd consecutive day, today.
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190521ef5k0003s


Indian state terrorism in IOK
Raja Javed Ali Bhatti
940 words
20 May 2019
National Herald Tribune
ASNHTE
English
Copyright © 2019. National Herald Tribune.
IOK HAS BEEN witnessing an unprecedented movement and open rebellion against illegitimate occupation of India. Recent wave of Kashmiri intifada has witnessed repression of Indian armed forces; large numbers of the dead and injured have been youngsters. The pellet guns used by security forces have damaged the faces of 1600 people and more than 1100 people have partially or wholly lost their eyesight making 2016 as the year of dead eyes. Since the cold blooded killing of Burhan-ud-din Wani in last July, IOK has been witnessing an unprecedented movement and open rebellion against illegitimate occupation of India. An Indian journalist Sagarika Ghose in her piece in "Times of India" admitted that India has become a "de facto Hindu country" and the boiling situation in IOK is a sign of triumph for Muhammad Ali Jinnah's Two-Nation theory. Also admitted that "Today Kashmir is a cantonment, patrolled by lakhs of security forces.
Another Indian journalist Santosh Bhartiya in an open letter to Indian Prime Minister Naredra Modi published on 'Rising Kashmir' has claimed that although "the land of Kashmir is with us, the people of Kashmir are not with us." New York Times editorial "Cruelty and Cowardice in Kashmir" also has the same shade commenting on an incident on the current situation in the valley. Former chief of R and AW, A S Dulat felt that the ongoing unarmed uprising has worsened under the current government due to alienation and the anger of youth; young Kashmiri minds have gone out of control. "There is a sense of hopelessness.
They aren't afraid to die. Villagers, students and even girls are coming out on the streets. This has never happened in the past." The people of Indian occupied Kashmir still awaited the implementation of numerous Security Council resolutions, adopted some 70 years ago, that promised them their inalienable right to self-determination. India has used brutal and indiscriminate force to suppress the heroic indigenous freedom movement against the occupation, she said, noting that hundreds of innocent, unarmed Kashmiris had been martyred in the recent wave of protests; countless others have been blinded and maimed by pellet guns, in what had widely been described as the first "mass blinding" in human history. Indian atrocities in Jammu and Kashmir, were well-documented by international human rights organizations, but India defended them. "It does not express remorse on the acts of the perpetrators of these war crimes. It rewards them with national honours." Ambassador Lodhi said the edifice of peace could only be built on the foundation of justice. "Yet, these universal ideals are being violated, in plain sight of the international community, in Palestine, in Indian occupied Jammu and Kashmir, and elsewhere." The Pakistani envoy called on the international community not to allow impunity to conduct its crimes against humanity in Kashmir under the "flimsy" cover of combating terrorism. "The only terrorism in Kashmir is India's state terrorism," she said. Members of India's armed forces reached a new low in the long history of alleged human rights abuses in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir when they beat and then tied a 24- year-old shawl weaver named Farooq Ahmad Dar to the front of a jeep on April 9, using him as a human shield against stone-throwing crowds.
As the jeep drove through villages, Mr. Dar said, "I saw people breaking into tears on seeing my state." The incident, which came to light when a video spread on social media, provides a gauge of an insurgency that has waxed and waned over nearly three decades in Kashmir, an area also claimed by Pakistan, which supports the rebels. Unrest surged last July after Burhan Muzaffar Wani, a charismatic, 22- year-old separatist militant, was killed by Indian security forces. The police responded by firing on protesters with pellet guns, killing scores and injuring thousands, many of whom were blinded by pellets lodged in their eyes. The abuse of Mr. Dar occurred the day Kashmiris voted to fill a seat in the local Srinagar assembly. Following a call by separatists to boycott the election, only 7 percent of local Kashmiri voters turned out to vote, a low not seen in 27 years. Eight people were killed amid reports of widespread violence. A new vote was held on April 13, but only 2 percent of voters showed up. Mr. Dar, who says he never supported the separatists, complained: "I voted, and this is what I got in return. Do you think it will help India in Kashmir?
No. It will give Kashmiris another reason to hate India." India's army chief, Gen. Bipin Rawat, has vowed action against those responsible for tying Mr. Dar to the jeep. But he has also thundered against Kashmir's stone-throwing youth and separatist militants, saying in February: "They may survive today, but we will get them tomorrow. Our relentless operations will continue." Such posturing will only doom Kashmir to a deadly spiral, where more brutal military tactics will feed more despair and more militancy. In January, a team of concerned citizens presented a report to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government. Citing strong feelings of discrimination and a "complete lack of faith" by Kashmiris in government promises, it pleaded for improved human rights and a multiparty dialogue aimed at a durable political solution. Mr. Modi's government would do well to follow the recommendations of the report, before Indian democracy loses its credibility and Kashmiris are robbed of a chance to dream, along with the rest of India, of a peaceful, prosperous future.
National Herald Tribune
Document ASNHTE0020190520ef5k0000a


Indian troops martyr two Kashmiri youth in Pulwama
115 words
19 May 2019
Frontier Star
NBFSTA
24
English
© 2019 Asianet-Pakistan
Indian troops in their fresh act of state terrorism in occupied Kashmir martyred two Kashmiri youth in Pulwama district.
According to reporter,The troops martyred the youth during a cordon and search operation in the wee hours, today, in Bunpora Panzgam area of the district. The troops also blasted a house in the area with explosive material. The operation continued till last reports came in.
An Indian police official claimed that the youth were militants and were killed in an encounter with the troops.
Meanwhile, the troops have also launched similar operations in Dehruna area of Islamabad district and in Hathlangoo area of Sopore in Baramulla district.
Frontier Star Publisher
Document NBFSTA0020190521ef5j0001i


Indian forces martyr two more Kashmiri youth
121 words
18 May 2019
The Frontier Post
ASFROP
English
Copyright © 2019. The Frontier Post
Indian forces in their fresh act of state terrorism martyred two more Kashmiri youth in Pulwama district of Indian Occupied Kashmir (IoK), on Saturday.
According to details, the occupied forces martyred the youth during a cordon and search operation in the wee hours, on Saturday, in Bunpora Panzgam area of the district.
The troops also blasted a house in the area with explosive material. The operation continued till last reports came in.
An Indian police official claimed that the youth were militants and were killed in an encounter with the troops.
Meanwhile, the troops have also launched similar operations in Dehruna area of Islamabad district and in Hathlangoo area of Sopore in Baramulla district.
The Frontier Post
Document ASFROP0020190520ef5i00015
