##
[Focus on the 5th anniversary of the construction of the Free Trade Zone] Free trade accounts set up funds "highway"
Author: Economic Daily · China Economic Net Reporter Chen Guo Jing Source: Economic Times
2018-11-22 09:58:14 CHINA DAILY
++
The free trade account is the "key event" of the financial reform of the Pilot Free Trade Zone and the basis of various financial innovations in the Pilot Free Trade Zone. The “Opinions on Financial Support for China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone Construction” issued in 2013 proposes that residents in the pilot zone can establish account-based accounting management through the establishment of local and foreign currency free trade accounts, and carry out investment and financing innovation business; non-residents can Banks in the pilot area open non-resident free trade accounts of local and foreign currency, and enjoy relevant financial services in accordance with the principle of national treatment before admission.
In the past, when the funds of multinational corporations needed to be returned to China, or when domestic funds needed to be transferred out, the procedures were rather cumbersome. In the global competition, the efficiency of capital use is not high, which inevitably raises the cost of the enterprise and makes the enterprise at a disadvantage in the competition.
It is precisely because of this “pain point” of the enterprise that the cross-border RMB two-way fund pool was launched in the Pilot Free Trade Zone in the beginning of the pilot test of the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone and the launch of the investment and financing innovation business. Business, RMB overseas borrowing business, etc., help multinational enterprises to revitalize domestic and foreign RMB funds, and open up access to multinational enterprises and the international market. Enterprises can borrow RMB from overseas according to their own business needs without approval.
Soon, the first batch of experience was gradually extended to the whole country. As early as January 14, 2015, ICBC Shaoxing Branch handled Longsheng Group's first overseas fund collection business with a total amount of 30 million yuan to help it realize the cross-border transfer of RMB funds from overseas subsidiaries to the domestic group headquarters. .
According to the relevant person in charge of the Shaoxing branch of ICBC, the cross-border two-way RMB fund pool can help multinational enterprises to manage and optimize the allocation of RMB funds at home and abroad; it can also broaden the financing channels of enterprises and save financial costs. After the enterprise has filed with the People's Bank of China, it can directly collect the collection within the net inflow limit, and it is not necessary to report and approve it one by one, making the procedures more convenient.
Today, the cross-border RMB two-way fund pool business has become an important part of financial innovation in various free trade pilot zones. Subsequently, the financial reform measures such as the integration of local and foreign currency, full-scale overseas financing policies and capital account convertibility introduced by the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone were based on the construction of free trade accounts.
The establishment of a free trade account has undoubtedly set up a "highway" for funds. The free trade account was first tested in the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone and relied on this account to establish a prudent domestic and foreign currency integrated offshore financing system. With the establishment of free trade accounts, enterprises and financial institutions no longer need administrative approval from overseas financing, and market entities can independently choose the quantity and structure of overseas financing under the set rules. As of the end of July this year, 56 financial institutions in the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone have passed the accounting and accounting system acceptance, and opened a total of 72,000 free trade accounts for about 37,000 companies.
The financial operation of the Pilot Free Trade Zone is more open, and it is necessary to establish a financial safety net that is compatible with financial openness. Zhang Xinyuan, deputy general manager of the Bank of China’s trade finance department, put forward suggestions for financial reform and innovation in the Hainan Pilot Free Trade Zone. In the process of financial reform and innovation, the premise of bold innovation is to have “electronic fence”, if there is no risk prevention Control, all innovations bring risks while driving development.
Therefore, in order to strengthen risk prevention and control, the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone has gradually established a macro-prudential management framework for cross-border capital flows in line with the financial open environment, and a foreign-related risk monitoring and early warning system based on free trade accounts to establish an “electronic fence”. At the same time, the free trade account is divided into other accounts outside the territory by means of sub-accounting. In addition, a cross-border liquidity reverse adjustment mechanism has been set up to hedge the cross-border capital of large-scale enterprises, implement counter-cyclical regulation of cross-border funds, and reduce the disturbance of domestic and overseas market liquidity.
Next, the experience of Shanghai's financial reform with the core of free trade accounts is expected to be promoted to the respective trade pilot zones. In May this year, the "Deepening the China (Guangdong) Pilot Free Trade Zone Reform and Opening Program" issued by the State Council and the "Deepening the China (Fujian) Free Trade Pilot Zone Reform and Opening Program" mentioned in the promotion of the establishment of a free trade trial. The district's reform and opening up is compatible with the account management system. At present, the Hainan Free Trade Zone is actively promoting the construction of the Free Trade Account (HNFT) system. Following the approval of the People's Bank of China on September 15 to agree to the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Account System, this account system is expected to go live on January 1 next year. Economic Daily · China Economic Net reporter Chen Guojing
##
The reforms in the first forty years look at the population after 40 years of reform 
At 21:05 on December 22, 2018 from Caixin
++

twenty four
China’s fertility rate has been below the replacement level for 27 consecutive years, and it is almost doomed to the fate of China’s future population collapse. Although the population situation in China is bleak, there is still a turnaround. Only by turning the tide to reverse China’s demographic decline and restore the normal reproduction of the Chinese nation can China continue its success in reform and opening up for 40 years.
[???] (column writer Liang Jianzhang Huang Wenzheng) I. Innovation and population scale advantage is the key to the success of reform and opening up
??In the 40 years of reform and opening up, China's GDP has grown at an annual rate close to double-digit. In 2009, China's GDP exceeded Japan and became the world's second largest economy. In 2017, China’s per capita GDP reached US$8,640, ranking among middle-income countries. China’s share of GDP in the world increased from 1.8% in 1978 to 15.2% in 2017.
??On December 18, 2018, General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out in his speech at the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening up: "The practice of 40 years of reform and opening up has inspired us: innovation is the life of reform and opening up." "We must insist that innovation is the first impetus. Talents are the concept of the first resource, implement the innovation-driven development strategy, improve the national innovation system, accelerate the independent innovation of key core technologies, and create a new engine for economic and social development.” This important speech shows the important position of innovation in reform and opening up. And the importance of talent and population.
4132 words remaining in this article Continue reading after subscription
##

Gold Reference | Another global battle has started! What should China do?
2019-02-19 00:06:02 Source: Reference News NetworkEditor: Shen ChongAuthor: Li Zheng
Core Tip: Currently, in addition to 5G, another global artificial intelligence competition has quietly started. Compared to 5G, the international competition of artificial intelligence will produce more variables. In this competition, China should adopt a different strategy than 5G.

++
Reference News Network reported on February 19th Currently, in addition to 5G, another global artificial intelligence competition has quietly started. Compared to 5G, the international competition of artificial intelligence will produce more variables. In this competition, China should adopt a different strategy than 5G.
"The second echelon" is accelerating to catch up
2018 is the first year of global competition for artificial intelligence. During the year, Europe, Japan, and India successively released national strategies for artificial intelligence. In April 2018, the European Commission issued an artificial intelligence action plan, which aims to promote investment in the field of artificial intelligence in the region in two phases and compete for the leading position of the industry. In June 2018, Japan released the "Future Investment Strategy 2018", focusing on the construction of the Internet of Things and the application of artificial intelligence. In June 2018, India introduced the National Strategy for Artificial Intelligence, seeking artificial intelligence deployment solutions for developing countries that can be replicated and promoted in other countries. These strategies mark the acceleration of the global "second echelon" of artificial intelligence.
At the beginning of 2019, the United States immediately launched two major strategic deployments of artificial intelligence after solving the government's closed crisis. On February 11, President Trump signed an executive order to "maintain the leading position of artificial intelligence in the United States" and officially launched the artificial intelligence program at the national level in the United States. The plan calls for the federal government to focus on research resources, share government facilities, and strengthen talent development. One day later, the US Department of Defense issued the "Artificial Intelligence Strategy," which will accelerate the application of artificial intelligence in the US military security field. The release of two strategies in the United States has undoubtedly exacerbated the competitive situation of global artificial intelligence, and may even lead the industry competition to the direction of the arms race.

Significantly different from 5G competition
The international competition of artificial intelligence is significantly different from that of 5G.
The first is that the participating countries and non-state actors have more and more complex interests. In the field of 5G, several telecom equipment giants are the main players of competition. Most countries can only be competing bystanders. In the field of artificial intelligence, the gap between countries is not big. In addition to large enterprises, scientific research institutions and academic research. It is the dominant force in the field of artificial intelligence. This makes it important not only to create an advantage as soon as possible, but to establish a sustainable development environment.
The second is that the rules and technical standards of artificial intelligence have not yet been formed, and the rules lack universal restraint. This increases the social and security risks that may arise in the development of artificial intelligence. Whether these risks can be handled well will determine the success of a country's artificial intelligence industry.
Based on these two differences, in the era of global competition, China needs to pay attention to the inclusiveness of the artificial intelligence industry and the shaping of the development environment, strive for cooperation in competition, and balance security in development.
Interdependence will become a trend
Specifically, first of all, China needs to pay more attention to the construction of basic science related to artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence is a comprehensive science based on many basic disciplines such as mathematics, machine algorithms, semiconductors, and communication. The development of artificial intelligence in a country is difficult to achieve a single-handed approach, and a strong basic science is needed as a support.

Second, strengthen the construction of scientific research circles and scientific research complexes, and fully guarantee the equal treatment of all innovative entities. The artificial intelligence competition between countries not only competes for leading enterprises, but also long-term competition between enterprises, scientific research institutions and talents of the two countries. If a country's scientific research talents are broken, even if they can take advantage of the first-mover advantage in the early stage, they are likely to fall behind in the competition. The key to protecting the talent advantage lies in “people-oriented” rather than “capital-based”, avoiding the use of its market position by technology giants to squeeze small and medium-sized start-ups and distorting the research direction of scientific research institutions.
Third, prepare for the social and economic impact of artificial intelligence. Since 2018, the focus of the European Union, India, and the United States on artificial intelligence has shifted from promoting technological development to exploring ethical standards and legal rules. For the revolutionary technology of artificial intelligence, once the impact is beyond the reach of the existing society, the side effects will be far greater than its value. The EU and the United States focus on the formulation of rules not only to constrain the development of the industry, but also to establish the international authority of rules, ethics and laws as soon as possible.
Finally, establish comparative advantages and strengthen international cooperation. The artificial intelligence industry is too broadly covered, and even a technological power like the United States cannot seek to win the lead in all areas. In the era of globalization, countries will still follow the business model of comparative advantage exchange, forming a global artificial intelligence industry chain that is interdependent, cooperative and win-win. China should also focus on the development of artificial intelligence industry, and start industrial cooperation with other major countries as soon as possible. (Text / Li Wei, Scholar, China Institute of Contemporary International Relations)

##

Former WTO Director-General Lamy: If the US withdraws from the WTO, it can be renamed ITO
2018-12-30 07:57:03 Source: 21st Century Business Herald (Guangzhou) Report
1831share to:
Credulity
WeChat
QQ space
Weibo
++

In Lamy's view, WTO reform should give priority to solving two problems: the rules for upgrading trade subsidies and breaking the deadlock in the Appeals Tribunal. Although many trade representatives believe that WTO reform is a very complicated issue, Lamy is optimistic that it takes only 180 days to solve the above two problems.
(Original title: Interview with the former Director-General of the WTO, Lamy: If the United States wants to withdraw, the WTO can be renamed ITO)
Our reporter Zheng Qingting, Yao Yao Beijing, Shanghai report
"If Trump wants to withdraw from the WTO, we must seriously consider a WTO that does not have the United States . Therefore, in the future we may use the 'International Trade Organization' instead of the 'World Trade Organization'. Pascal Lamy, former head of the World Trade Organization, said in an interview with a reporter for the 21st Century Business Herald.
As for Trump's words, there is a bit of truth. Lamy thinks it's hard to judge, but I'm afraid there are several possibilities: First, Trump hasn't considered it clearly, so the position swings around; second, Trump wants to pass threats. Increasing the bargaining chip, in fact, still have to stay in the WTO; third, Trump has been swearing to retreat, but the time is not yet.
"A series of protectionist measures launched by Trump, especially for China and the EU , violated the WTO rules." Lamy stressed that WTO members must respond to these moves. He stressed that China and the EU should sue the United States to the WTO court in accordance with WTO rules, and let the WTO ruling correct the mistakes of the United States.
In the current tense trade situation, more and more countries are calling for the promotion of WTO reforms to save the precarious multilateral trading system. In Lamy's view, WTO reform should give priority to solving two problems - the rules for upgrading trade subsidies and breaking the deadlock in the Appeals Tribunal. Although many trade representatives believe that WTO reform is a very complicated issue, Lamy is optimistic that it will take only 180 days to solve the above two problems.
Lamy served as the Director-General of the WTO for two consecutive terms from 2005 to 2013. Today, he is the honorary chairman of the European integration think tank "Notre Europe" and has recently been hired as a Distinguished Professor at the China Europe International Business School. In December this year, he received an exclusive interview with reporters from the 21st Century Economic Report in Shanghai and Beijing.
WTO needs "systematic reform"
"21st Century": The current WTO Director-General Azevedo said that under the current threat of protectionism, global free trade is facing the "most serious crisis" since 1947. What do you think?
Lamy: I will add some qualifications. The data shows that global trade is in good shape, but the new trade protectionist position poses a threat. Only the future can prove whether we can shield these threats and whether the global trading system can withstand such instability. I think it is too early to say now. The current priority should be to actively defend and strengthen a rules-based multilateral trading system.
"21st Century": Trump has taken a series of trade unilateral actions in the past two years. Which one is most worried about you?
Lamy: All measures are very worrying because it represents a misconception of trade, both at the theoretical level and at the practical level. He believes that import is not a good thing, and export is the only one. This is wrong. He initiated a series of protectionist measures, especially for China and the EU, which violated WTO rules. This is very dangerous and requires the response of WTO members. After all, open trade benefits many people.
We also admit that open trade brings great benefits by improving efficiency, but it also brings great suffering to some people. The truth is that for those who are affected by globalization and trade openness, the American social system has failed to solve their suffering. This is not an international issue, but a problem within the United States. Protectionism will not solve the problems of these people and will only reduce the economic efficiency of the United States. This is why financial markets do not like protectionism.
"21st Century": Do you think the situation will worsen for the anti-globalization trend that is happening now?
Lamy: The adjustment of the world pattern must be a very bumpy process. There is a view that compares the current Sino-US relations with Germany and the United Kingdom in the late 19th century, but I do not agree with this view because of the current closeness of global connections. It is no longer the same. If at this stage of globalization, the possibility of de-globalization is very small. In the 20th century, the world economy has undergone two de-globalizations, and I think this will not repeat itself in the 21st century. The degree of globalization of the economy has reached a stage of very resilience in the face of political friction.

"21st Century": Between 2005 and 2013, you served twice as the WTO Director-General. What changes have occurred in today's global macroeconomic and trade environment?
Lamy: In some Western worlds, public opinion has not been as supportive of trade as it used to be. In particular, those who lost in free trade are even more outspoken. Especially in the United States, this part of the people was not properly taken care of, which is part of the reason why Trump was elected. But the root of these problems is not the global trading system, but the local. In the process of continuous trade openness, how the local system should appease the uneasiness that comes with it in society. This part of the problem is beyond the scope of the WTO's functions. What the WTO can do is to strengthen the whole system through adjustment. In my opinion, Trump's views and practices on many things are not right, but he is doing the right thing is that the WTO needs reform. Since 1994, there have been some progress in the WTO rules, but no systematic adjustments have been made.
If the United States wants to leave, the WTO can be renamed ITO
"21st Century": Trump imposes tariffs on imported steel and aluminum products on the grounds of maintaining "national security," and actually extends the definition of "national security exceptions" that the WTO allows but rarely uses. What is the potential impact of this practice in the United States on the WTO's ruling?
Lamy: In my opinion, those countries that have been improperly imposed by the United States on the grounds of national security are suing the United States at the WTO. Europe and China are doing this. Because when a country violates the WTO rules, you must sue it at the WTO, let it know through the ruling that it does not follow the rules and must correct it. The WTO is a rule-based system. If you think someone is fouled, you will sue him.
"21st Century": But if the WTO loses the US to lose the case, will it not let the United States take the iron to leave the WTO?
Lamy: If every time the US loses, it can threaten to leave the WTO, which means they will not put the rules of compliance in mind. If Trump wants to withdraw from the WTO, we must seriously consider a WTO without the United States. Therefore, in the future, we may use ITO (International Trade Organization) instead of WTO (World Trade Organization).
It is expected that the WTO reform will make breakthrough progress within 180 days.
"21st Century": But the United States has rejected the EU's plan to reform the WTO, right?
Lamy: This is only one stage of negotiation. If we want to start negotiations, then there are many tactical positions, but the WTO is where negotiations must take place. Any negotiation takes time to deal with different opinions. The negotiators want to talk, and the conclusion is not from the sky.
"21st Century": Do you think that the United States will eventually accept the EU's plan?
Lamy: They will not accept the current plan. This is a negotiation, which means that the two sides must make some compromises in order to reach a consensus.
"21st Century": So now there is consensus on which issues should be prioritized for reform.

Lamy: I think there are two issues that need to be prioritized: one is the subsidy rule, and the other is the dispute settlement process. This is the two most pressing issues at the moment. Many other issues can be dealt with later.
"21st Century": Let us talk about the dispute settlement mechanism. What is the biggest difference between the United States and the European Union on this issue?
Lamy: This is not the United States and the European Union, but the United States and all other members. The United States believes that the appeal mechanism over-interprets the rules, which they call "judicial activism." By the way, the United States only said this when it lost the case. I have never seen the United States protest against judicial initiative when it wins. Whether the judge over-interprets the judiciary is a very complicated legal issue.
In the end, do they want to improve the system, or do they want to get rid of the system? This is a major question mark about the US position, including the dispute settlement mechanism. As for why there is no clear answer, we do not know whether it is because of tactical reasons or strategic considerations. We don't know that the United States hides its position because the position is inherently incoherent. Or is it to get a better negotiating position? Or because they will eventually opt out, just don't want to happen now?
"21st Century": Wang Fuwen, deputy minister of the Ministry of Commerce and deputy representative of international trade negotiations, said in November this year that the dispute settlement mechanism is one of the three major survival crises facing the WTO. The appeal mechanism of this dispute settlement mechanism originally had seven members. There are only three in the present, and the remaining four are unable to be filled due to the obstruction of individual members. If this state of affairs continues to develop, by December next year, there will be only one member left. The dispute resolution mechanism appealing agency has no way to run, and it faces the threat of embarrassment. How do you avoid the possibility of embarrassment now?
Lamy: If the judge's selection of judges can only be elected by all means, then there is the possibility of a lockout. This is an interpretation of the WTO's regulations. In fact, there are other ways of interpreting, such as the selection of judges. Just get the majority consent.
"21st Century": How long do you think it takes for the WTO reform to make some breakthroughs?
Lamy: Regarding the two issues I mentioned, I think that 18 months can solve the problem. That is, before the G20 meeting - if it was held at the end of 2020.
No US-led WTO
Will usher in collective leadership
"21st Century": Trump's senior economic adviser Kevin Hassett said in an interview that China should be "expelled" from the WTO because it is "misbehaving" as a member of the organization. . What comment do you have on this?
Lamy: His adviser says left, while consultant II says right. They give different signals in different directions. I believe that China has always complied with its WTO commitments. It may be that in some areas the spirit of commitment is not fully achieved, especially in the spirit of subsidies. Then let the letter of commitment be more in line with the spirit, which means WTO reform.
"21st Century": The WTO used to be the only American leader, but now Trump has claimed to abandon it. So which country should become the new leader of the WTO?
Lamy: This is a collective leader. If the United States does not want to be part of it, then the EU, China, Japan and India will be the main players.
"21st Century": Over the years, the Doha Round negotiations have reached a deadlock. Does this mean that the prospect of promoting multilateral negotiations in the WTO has disappeared?
Lamy: No, we know why this huge Doha agenda has not yet been completed, although many parts have been agreed, such as the Trade Facilitation Agreement adopted in 2013.
"21st Century": But many developed countries have turned to bilateral or regional trade agreements.
Lamy: This has always been the case. You always have multilateral, regional, bilateral and even unilateral trade liberalization measures. It is not an all-or-one relationship, it has always been coexisting. On the basis of balancing the interests of all parties, the WTO has put forward a requirement of “the lowest common denominator”. On this basis, you can do WTO+ bilateral agreements. There is no contradiction between multilateral open trade and bilateral open trade, and there is no conflict between them.
Global economic growth will slow down again
"21st Century": What is the trade friction situation next year? How to predict the global economic situation next year?
Lamy: We had a discussion with Mr. Zhu Min at the Third International Conference on Reading China. As he said, at present, the main impact of trade friction is on the financial market, not the real economy, but if it continues, it will increase the rate of slowdown in global economic growth. We know that the current economic cycle is nearing completion and the growth rate will soon slow down. Will this happen in 2019 or 2020? we do not know.
Issues like the WTO reform can be resolved, but some issues are related to the US view of geopolitical competition between China and the United States, which will take much longer to deal with, so the challenge remains.
Under the trade friction, it is the pattern of geopolitical competition between China and the United States. The science and technology competition is one of the manifestations. Some people in the United States believe that they cannot export key technologies to China. In China, some people think that China is over-reliant on technology imports. This is highly related to the evolution of the economy. At present, the contribution of science and technology to economic development is growing, and the relationship between science and technology competition and economic development is becoming more and more close. This also covers a part of the security field. Compared with the EU, Japan and other countries, such issues are more pronounced between China and the United States. The relationship between the technology economy and security is getting closer and closer. In the future, we will need to pay more attention to this issue, especially in the data field. .

"21st Century": What position will the EU take in the geopolitical competition between China and the United States?
Lamy: Intermediate position. I believe that the EU will form an alliance with the United States against China and will also form an alliance with China against the United States. This is active mediation, not neutral.
A sample in the Dawan District, this house enterprise uses wisdom to break the "one thousand towns"

##

The country sandwiched between Russia and Greece changed its name for this purpose only.
2019-01-12 22:18:38 Source: Foreign Affairs Report
144share to:
Credulity
WeChat
QQ space
Weibo
++

(Original title: This country between Russia and Greece changed its name)
On Friday, the Macedonian parliament passed a constitutional amendment to change its name to the Republic of Northern Macedonia, ending a 27-year country name dispute with Greece.
The Macedonian government said in a statement: "Tonight we have written a new chapter in the history of the founding of our country. It has made our two biggest national interests - into NATO and the EU, become reasonable."
NATO Secretary General Stoltenberg and Hahn, the Commissioner for the enlargement of the European Union, welcomed this.
"NATO strongly supports the full implementation of the agreement, which is an important contribution to the stability and prosperity of the region," Stoltenberg wrote in his Twitter account.
Hahn said: "I hope that this historic decision will create positive momentum for reconciliation throughout the Western Balkans."
The country sandwiched between Russia and Greece changed its name for this purpose only.
The root of the dispute
According to the BBC, in 1991, Macedonia declared independence when Yugoslavia disintegrated, and neighbor Greece immediately jumped out against its country name, because there is also a province in northern Greece called Macedonia.
The area is where Alexandria was born. Greece believes that Macedonia is eyeing the territory of its province of the same name, and it is also a cultural heritage of Alexander.
The country sandwiched between Russia and Greece changed its name for this purpose only.
Thus, Greece let the United Nations call this newly born country "the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia", and also prevented Macedonia's attempt to join NATO in 2008, and also prevented its "ambition" to join the EU.
Since Greece and Macedonia did not retreat, they established a "welcome to Macedonia" brand at the border. Therefore, border travellers travel from one Macedonia to another, no matter which direction they cross.
The country sandwiched between Russia and Greece changed its name for this purpose only.
In the early 1990s, in order to resolve this most "extraordinary" international dispute, former US President Bill Clinton’s special envoy Nimes began to travel between the two countries. In 1999, he continued to promote this after becoming the UN Secretary-General’s personal envoy. jobs.
He recalled that when he first took over the job, he thought that the dispute would be out of control, because in the second year after the founding of Macedonia, a million Greeks took to the streets to protest, which directly led to the country's prime minister stepping down.
But he said that he understands very well, "For the past three generations, this threat is true for this country, and it feels like 'we are always surrounded.' In the Balkans, each country has a fragmented history. Or once fought against neighboring countries."
The country sandwiched between Russia and Greece changed its name for this purpose only.
However, in 2017, the change in the attitude of the Macedonian government finally allowed the two countries to start negotiations. In June last year, the two countries reached an agreement to change the name of Macedonia to the Republic of North Macedonia to end the dispute over 20 years.
According to the new agreement, the language of the country will be called Macedonian and the people are known as “Citizens of the Northern Macedonia”. The new country name will be used in international and bilateral relations.
The country sandwiched between Russia and Greece changed its name for this purpose only.
Sandwiched between Greece and Russia
For a long time, Macedonia has been difficult to become a member of NATO and the European Union because of the name of the country, but in fact, it has been plagued by a more complicated international environment.
In June last year, after the agreement between Macedonia and Greece, Russia and Greece fell into tension. Greece expelled two Russian diplomats who tried to oppose the agreement, and the Russian Foreign Minister cancelled the visit to Greece.
According to The New York Times, Russia had previously unabashedly opposed Macedonia’s participation in NATO in the UN-led negotiations. For a long time, Macedonia was a "battlefield" in the geopolitical competition between Western countries and Russia.
The country sandwiched between Russia and Greece changed its name for this purpose only.
Greece and Russia are both Orthodox countries, and there is a close connection between traditional culture. The current left-wing government of Greece even supports the establishment of a closer relationship between Russia and the West and defends it in international disputes.
However, Greece also supports NATO expansion, and therefore it is in opposition to Russia. However, Russia is not isolated and supportive. The assembly against the agreement began to protest in June last year.
According to Reuters, the parliament voted, in the 120-seat parliament, 81 members voted in favor, and some opposition parties boycotted the vote.
The country sandwiched between Russia and Greece changed its name for this purpose only.
In the past three days, hundreds of people protested before the parliament to reach an agreement with Greece. Macedonian opposition parties and nationalists believe that the cost of changing state names and national symbols is too high and they are unable to pay for NATO.
Prior to this, Macedonia had already held a referendum on the revision of the country name. According to the Associated Press, according to Macedonian Prime Minister Zaire, the referendum will be asked: "Do you agree to join the EU and NATO and accept the agreement between the Republic of Macedonia and the Greek Republic?"
Zaev said that the referendum was a kind of "consultation" and added that "the people's statement will be the final decision of all political parties."


##

society
[Society] The number of pilot and demonstration units of China's “world-class high-tech park” has expanded to 10
587 words
2 May 2018
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.

++
??China News Service, Hefei, May 2 (Reporter Wu Lan) Lu Changfu, deputy director of Anhui Hefei High-tech Zone Management Committee, said on the 2nd that Hefei High-tech Zone and Guangzhou High-tech Zone were recently included in the "World-class High-Tech Park" by the Torch Center of the Ministry of Science and Technology of China. Construction sequence. So far, the pilot and demonstration units of the “world-class high-tech park” have expanded to 10, including Beijing Zhongguancun, Shanghai Zhangjiang, and Hangzhou High-tech Zone.
??Lu Changfu introduced that the world-class high-tech park aims to build a pioneer park that represents the highest level of national science and technology development and participates in global competition. It has the characteristics of internationally advanced technology industry and high-end leading resource services.
??Hefei High-tech Zone became the first batch of national high-tech zones in 1991. In 2017, it was built in the core area of ??Hefei Comprehensive National Science Center, one of China's three major science centers.
??“The international frontier industries such as artificial intelligence, life health, and quantum information are unique advantages of Hefei High-tech Zone.” Lu Changfu introduced the overall goal of building a world-class high-tech park with important influence, and implemented an innovative peak climbing plan. , set up a high-level future laboratory; future industry leadership plan to seize the global industrial competition commanding heights; implement an open and integrated hug plan to build a global innovation network hub.
??Among them, in the implementation of the open financing and embracing plan, we will build an innovative and open platform such as Sino-German Intelligent Manufacturing International Innovation Park, Qiaomengyuan, and national overseas talents offshore innovation and entrepreneurship base.
??At present, all over China, "grabbing the battle" is full of smoke. Lu Changfu introduced that in the aspect of talent dynamism, Hefei High-tech Zone continued to introduce a high-level talent team with industry leading and influence through equity investment. Encourage cutting-edge scientific and technological personnel to implement major scientific and technological achievements by means of platforms such as the Industrial Research Institute. At present, the research team led by the three academicians of the University of Science and Technology of China, Pan Jianwei, Du Jiangfeng and Guo Guangcan, has established industrialization companies in the fields of quantum communication, quantum measurement and quantum computing. (Finish)
434536710
China News Service HK Branch Limited
Document CNSNDS0020180502ee520018h


##




Science, education, culture and health
[Science, Education, Culture and Health] Shanghai gathers a quarter of foreign-invested R&D centers in the mainland to introduce a new policy to promote its commitment to "innovation tide"
667 words
16 October 2017
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. Copyright © China News Service. No copying is allowed without permission.
++
??
China News Service, Shanghai, October 16 (Reporter Zheng Yingying) 416, this is the number of foreign-funded R&D centers settled in Shanghai as of August this year, which accounts for 1/4 of the total number of mainland China, ranking first in the Mainland.
??"Several Opinions of Shanghai on Further Supporting Foreign-invested R&D Centers to Participate in the Construction of Shanghai's Globally Influential Science and Technology Innovation Center" was officially released on the 16th, and 16 measures were proposed to release signals to the outside world: foreign R&D centers will represent Shanghai in global competition. It will be an important force for Shanghai to build a globally influential science and technology center.
??The foreign-invested R&D center is the “treasure bowl” of global innovation elements, and it has gathered a large number of innovative capital and innovative talents for Shanghai. Among the 416 foreign-invested R&D centers, 20 have invested more than 10 million US dollars and trained more than 40,000 Chinese R&D personnel. The output value and sales revenue of new products of foreign-funded R&D centers account for more than 50% of Shanghai's total market; “cutting in” with the global innovation network.
??In order to promote the foreign-invested R&D center to participate in the "Ketron wave", Shanghai issued the above opinions, and several of them are worthy of outside attention.
??Shang Yuying, director of the Shanghai Municipal Commission of Commerce, said that the most prominent highlights of this time are: the foreign-funded global R&D center, which plays a key role in the global allocation of innovation resources, and the R&D center with independent legal personality, giving the regional headquarters of the multinational company the same policy support. . In response to the new trend of open innovation presented by multinational corporations in recent years, for the first time in the policy, it is explicitly proposed to support foreign-funded enterprises to establish an open innovation platform.
??In terms of intellectual property protection and landing, the most prominent measures are to increase the protection of intellectual property rights in foreign-funded R&D centers, and to carry out one-stop services such as patent examination, rapid confirmation of rights and rapid rights protection; in particular, it proposes to improve administrative enforcement and The two ways of judicial protection are organically connected.
??In addition, Shanghai has optimized the procedures for foreign talents to come to work in Shanghai. For the first time in the Mainland, foreign R&D personnel who are allowed to hire foreign-funded R&D centers are directly applying for foreigners to work in China. In addition, it is explicitly supported that foreign R&D centers can participate in government program projects and support their scientific and technical personnel to participate in the expert pool of government program projects. (Finish)
396226830
China News Service HK Branch Limited
Document CNSNDS0020171016edag002mh
##



Finance
[Finance] (Economic Observation) Expanding Overseas Markets Chinese Foreign Trade Enterprises Mainly "Smart" Brands
1056 words
17 April 2016
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
??China news agency, Guangzhou, April 17 (Cai Minjun) In recent years, the low-cost comparative advantage of the production factors such as labor and resources that have long supported China's rapid growth in foreign trade is gradually disappearing. "Made in China" must stabilize and even open up overseas markets. Technological innovation, relying on the Internet platform to provide artificial intelligence public innovation services, to the "Chinese quality" and "Chinese wisdom".
??Current international demand remains sluggish. According to the latest data from the General Administration of Customs of China , in the first quarter of 2016, the total value of China's import and export of goods was 5.2 trillion yuan, down 5.9% from the same period last year. Among them, exports were 3 trillion yuan, down 4.2%. At the same time, factors such as the difficulty in financing corporate finance have brought uncertainties to China's foreign trade.
??Under the new international trade situation, Chinese enterprises try to stabilize the original foreign trade chain through intelligent equipment and cross-border e-commerce, seek growth momentum from innovation, and provide new opportunities for the transformation of China's trade mode.
??"The wages of China's manufacturing industry have surpassed that of Southeast Asia, and the labor cost advantage is not obvious. Therefore, Chinese products must pay attention to technological innovation, so that 'people have me,' and 'people have me first' can further develop overseas markets." The relevant person in charge of Galanz Ice Wash Overseas Europe said that intelligent products should become a new business card for China's foreign trade to participate in global competition.
??At the 119th Canton Fair held here, the performance of Chinese companies participating in the "Internet +" integration has attracted the attention of many overseas buyers. In the home appliance electronics industry, the interest in the application of big data information technology continues to escalate.
??Smart technologies and products represented by "Internet +" and robots are hot. Galanz brought "G+ smart home system" to the show, consumers can remotely control the cooking time and time of microwave oven cooking, "rice to mouth" is not a dream; New Day electric car realizes intelligent braking, intelligent power off, intelligent protection and other technologies, the first export in 2015 Over 10 million US dollars, an increase of 31.7% year-on-year; in 2015, Cobos launched the sweeping robot "dibao" and "flowering" in the e-commerce platform. Only the "Double Eleven" event received 100,000 orders on the same day. .
??You must choose the algorithm to control the humanoid robot. The company's 540 robots will perform together on the stage of this spring and evening. Xiong Youjun, chief technology officer of Ubisoft Technology Co., Ltd., said that the company attaches great importance to the improvement of core technology. The goal is to improve the technology through interpersonal interaction technology, control technology, cloud dialogue, etc. "To make everyone have a robot, let smart technology Going into thousands of households."
??In addition to artificial intelligence, the rapid development of cross-border e-commerce has also had a major impact on international trade. In recent years, Chinese officials have also issued a document encouraging cross-border e-commerce to help it become a hot spot in the industry. China's Ministry of Commerce predicts that China's cross-border e-commerce import and export trade volume will reach 6.5 trillion yuan in 2016, and the proportion of cross-border e-commerce in China's import and export trade will increase to 20% in the next few years.
??With the continuous development of e-commerce platforms at home and abroad, many Chinese companies have used the new model of cross-border e-commerce to solve old problems and broaden the new channel for international marketing.
??The export volume of Jinyue Power Company last year was red because the new products opened up new sales channels. The person in charge of the company said that the contribution of overseas e-commerce has contributed.
??Li Wei, deputy director of the overseas cooperation project department of Guangdong Zhigao Air Conditioning Co., Ltd., said that the company started to set up branches in Southeast Asia and the Middle East this year to set up overseas warehouses and try to open up new markets through cross-border e-commerce.
??Dongling Electric exhibited a variety of juicers, attracting more than 100 domestic and overseas buyers to consult. Liang Hui, chief marketing officer of Dongling Electric, revealed that the company will “test water” cross-border e-commerce in the second half of this year, with the main target being the North American market. (Finish)
313926220
China News Service HK Branch Limited
Document CNSNDS0020160417ec4h0000b
##




Taiwan
[Taiwan] Xiao Wanchang: "One Belt, One Road" and other issues have released huge business opportunities and hope that cross-strait enterprises will jointly develop
661 words
21 May 2015
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
?China News Service, Kaohsiung, May 21 (Reporter Zheng Qiao Huang Shaohua) Xiao Wanchang, chairman of the Taiwanese side of the Cross-Strait Entrepreneur Summit, said in Kaohsiung on the 21st that the "One Belt, One Road" is being promoted by the mainland and will be implemented next year. The 13th Five-Year Plan will release extremely large business opportunities and will have a profound impact on the future economic development pattern of the world, the mainland and Taiwan.
??He further pointed out that it is hoped that the large-scale enterprises on both sides of the strait can play the spirit of "big and small, squadrons and teams", combined with many small and medium-sized enterprises on both sides of the strait, and build a strong team in which SMEs can fully participate in the global and mainland markets. Unlimited business opportunities offered.
??Xiao Wanchang made the above statement at the Cross-Strait Cooperation Innovation and Development Forum on the same day. He said that this forum is the first special forum held by the Cross-Strait Entrepreneur Summit on the development of cross-strait SMEs. The special election was held in Kaohsiung, which is to show the importance of the summit to SMEs in South Taiwan. I hope that through the forum, we will work with small and medium-sized enterprises and young friends from all over Taiwan to jointly explore new strategies and new ways to promote cross-strait SME cooperation.
??According to statistics, in 2013, there were more than 1.33 million small and medium-sized enterprises in Taiwan, accounting for 97.6% of all enterprises. The sales value accounted for 29.4% of all enterprises, and the employment accounted for 78.3% of the total employment. Xiao Wanchang said that SMEs are not only the mainstay of Taiwan's economic development, but also a key role in absorbing the employed population, distributing income and maintaining social stability.
??He said that Taiwan's SMEs are currently facing many difficulties such as shortage of funds, shortage of talents, difficulty in innovation, and poor access. On the one hand, we should continue to strengthen various assistance and counseling measures to help SMEs effectively enhance the energy of talent, capital, innovation and nurturing. On the other hand, we must also start from the external environment and assist SMEs to establish cooperative platform mechanisms and marketing channels. .
??Xiao Wanchang pointed out that in view of the relatively limited size and capacity of small and medium-sized enterprises, cross-strait SMEs should grasp and make good use of the relative advantages and complementarities of the two sides in terms of capital, technology, talents and markets, strengthen exchanges and cooperation, and seek common development and transformation. And jointly promote the international market, in response to the increasingly fierce global competition and the rapid restructuring of the industrial supply chain. (Finish)
277883350
China News Service HK Branch Limited
Document CNSNDS0020150521eb5l000mo
##





Current affairs
[Current Administration] The State Council Standing Committee will deploy the scientific layout of the petrochemical industry and develop intensive development of safety and environmental protection.
407 words
4 June 2014
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2014. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. All rights reserved by China News Service, no copying is allowed without permission.
++
??China news agency, Beijing, June 4th Chinese Premier Li Keqiang hosted a State Council executive meeting in Beijing on the 4th. The meeting made arrangements for the scientific layout of the petrochemical industry and the intensive development of safety and environmental protection. The planning and layout plan for the petrochemical industry must be strictly implemented once it has been determined. Strict environmental assessment, scientific argumentation, and site selection.
??The meeting pointed out that the petrochemical industry is an important pillar of the national economy, with a long industrial chain and wide product coverage, which is closely related to people's lives. In the case of intensified global competition, increased resource and environmental constraints, and excessive dependence on imports by some products, we must follow the economic laws and do a good job in the layout of the petrochemical industry in accordance with the principles of safety and environmental protection, scientific and rational planning, improvement of industrial efficiency, and energy security. To promote the development of the industry and the improvement of people's livelihood.
??The meeting emphasized that once the planning and layout plan for the petrochemical industry is finalized, it must be strictly implemented. It is necessary to focus on tapping the potential of existing industrial bases and advantageous enterprises, and promote the upgrading and upgrading of the petrochemical industry. It is necessary to strictly conduct environmental impact assessment and scientific argumentation, and do a good job in site selection to avoid blind violations.
??The meeting emphasized that the safety and environmental protection supervision should be strengthened, the main responsibility of the enterprise should be implemented, and hidden dangers should be investigated in a timely manner. Strict investigation of environmental violations. It is necessary to strengthen information disclosure, popular science propaganda and doubts, protect the public's right to know, and promote the green, safe and efficient development of the petrochemical industry. (Finish)
199782400
China News Service HK Branch Limited
Document CNSNDS0020140604ea640018h


##



China's purchasing power cannot be ignored
1184 words
23 October 2018
01:47 AM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China Internet Information Center
++
??In the face of rising trade protectionism, while resolutely safeguarding its own economic and trade interests, China has taken the initiative to open up the market and accelerate the pace of economic restructuring and trade liberalization. The first China International Import Expo to be held in Shanghai is a prominent example. This has made the world pay more attention to such a word - China's purchasing power.
??Behind China's purchasing power is the tremendous development of 40 years of reform and opening up.
??In the past 40 years of reform and opening up, economic growth has brought about a significant increase in the level of national income. Statistics from the National Bureau of Statistics show that in 2017, China's per capita GDP was 59,660 yuan, deducting the price factor, which was 22.8 times higher than that in 1978, and the average annual growth rate was 8.5%. China’s per capita gross national income (GNI) increased from US$200 in 1978 to US$8,250 in 2016, exceeding the average for middle-income countries. In 2017, the per capita disposable income of the national residents was 25,974 yuan. After deducting the price factor, it actually increased by 22.8 times compared with 1978, and the average annual growth rate was 8.5%. The increase in the income of residents has created a strong purchasing power of China, which has stimulated international trade and provided a huge market for goods and services for countries around the world.
??Behind China's purchasing power is a huge market full of vitality.
??From an international marketing perspective, China is gradually demonstrating its strong market potential. China's nearly 1.4 billion people are an important basis for potential market demand. At the same time, although China faces the US trade pressure and needs to make some necessary product production structure adjustments, the annual economic growth rate of 6% or more is still the country with relatively high growth rate in the world. In the 40 years of reform and opening up, China’s per capita income has risen from less than 200 US dollars to more than 8,000 US dollars. According to China's current marginal propensity, for every dollar of per capita income, the demand for imports will increase by about 20 cents. It can be said that the huge population, considerable economic growth, and high import propensity together constitute the market foundation of "China's purchasing power" and an important source of power for import demand in particular.
??Behind China's purchasing power is the continuous upgrading of the demand structure of the people.
??At present, the main contradictions in our society have been transformed into contradictions between the people’s growing needs for a better life and the development of inadequate imbalances. In terms of consumption, this is reflected in the fact that with the development of China's economy and the increase in per capita income, the demand structure of the Chinese people has improved significantly. That is to say, people have pursued pure food and clothing from the past, and pursued the diversification and high quality of life content, which led to the pursuit of quality and diversification of products and services. However, China's product production structure and total volume have not changed rapidly with the improvement of the people's needs and the changes in quality of life requirements. This gap between supply and demand has formed a "Chinese purchasing power" for the vast number of overseas high-quality goods. It can be said that China's demand for opening up is an independent choice for China's economic growth. China's embrace of the world market is a natural process of economic development.
??It is worth noting that in an open market economy environment, the increase in the supply of imported goods will strengthen the market awareness and innovation pressure of Chinese enterprises, adjust the industry and product structure, and improve the level and quality of products. Therefore, the open market has made China courageous to join the global market to compete, from the competition to meet the growing material and cultural needs of the people, and to promote the continuous upgrading and transformation of China's industrial structure and product structure. Therefore, holding the China International Import Expo is also an effective way for China to adapt to global competition and to compete on the global scale.
??From a global perspective, the current global trade frictions provoked by the United States pose a serious threat to the relatively free international trade environment. At this time, China not only exalted the banner of free trade morally, but also resolutely opposed unilateralism and trade protectionism. It also convened the China International Import Expo in action, fully demonstrating that a big country is committed to economic globalization and safeguarding the global destiny community. Responsibility and mission. We believe that the convening of the China International Import Expo will be a positive factor in maintaining global trade liberalization. China's purchasing power will also become a powerful force that cannot be ignored in the continuous advancement of the world economy.
China Internet Information Center
Document CHOROS0020181023eean0002y

##









[Experts talk] G20 pattern: from "triangular relationship" to leading China and Germany
1873 words
6 July 2017
06:22 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. China Internet Information Center
++
Yao Le Research Assistant, Macro Research Department, Chongyang Financial Research Institute, Renmin University of China
The recent Sino-German, US-European relations can be described as two different days: China and Germany continue to move in the same direction, bilateral cooperation continues to develop; US-European relations have turned sharply and mutual trust has been seriously damaged. This situation has brought more uncertainty to the upcoming G20 summit. The US-European differences have made the G20 face the risk of weakening the mechanism and reaching a consensus. The pragmatic cooperation between China and Germany has the hope to become a living force to promote global economic governance.
In recent years, Sino-German relations have developed steadily. Politically, high-level exchanges of visits between the two sides have been frequent; economically, economic and trade cooperation has continued to deepen and expand, and bilateral investment has grown rapidly. In contrast, the relationship between Germany and the United States and even the entire European and American relationship has encountered difficulties. This year Trump's trip to Europe has caused US-Europe relations to fall into a trough. During the meeting with the EU leaders, the NATO summit and the G7 summit, Trump and the EU leaders clashed, complaining about the high trade surplus between Germany and the United States, accusing the NATO members of not spending the corresponding expenses, even after the G7 summit. Announced the withdrawal of the United States from the Paris Agreement. This series of acts has seriously damaged the mutual trust between Europe and the United States. Merkel even said that "the era of mutual trust between Europe and the United States has passed" and "Europeans must master their own destiny."
The status quo of Sino-German, US-European relations is partly reflected in the changes in the strategic triangular relationship between China, the United States and Europe. Historically, the alienation of US-European relations has often provided a strategic environment and opportunities for China and Europe to approach each other.
China-US-European triangle relationship in today's global economic structure
East Asia, Europe and North America are the core areas of the world's political economy, while China, the EU and the United States are the core actors of these three regions. Therefore, how China, the United States and Europe interact will determine the world to a large extent. Economic direction. The strategic triangle relationship between China, the United States and Europe is essentially a complex game between the three groups of Sino-US, Central European and US-European bilateral relations and its associated effects. Changes in the strength, foreign policy, and relative strategic position of each of the three parties will have an impact on the triangular relationship.
The United States has always been an advocate, promoter and defender of free trade, but after Trump took office, the United States is gradually losing its leadership in this field. The continuous deepening of economic globalization and the global free flow of economic factors have made production and capital highly concentrated. The status of the global financial hegemony, the global monopoly network of multinational corporations, and a set of international mechanisms established after the Second World War to maintain dollar hegemony ensure The benefits of the United States in the process of globalization. However, due to the unfair flow of wealth, the US class has intensified, and the bottom people have not enjoyed the benefits of globalization. Instead, they have suffered from unemployment, income reduction, or decline in welfare levels in the increasingly fierce global competition, thereby populism and protection. The trend of thought is very rampant. Trump is the representative of this conservative internal thinking trend. He pursues a trade protectionist policy under the umbrella of “US priority” and “fair trade”, withdraws from the TPP, and renegotiates the North American Free Trade Agreement. The impact of the multilateral trading system shows that Trump wants trade freedom based on US interests rather than truly fair and open global free trade.
The EU is the strongest defender of free trade, and free trade is one of the core concerns of the EU. Trump’s trade protectionist policies will greatly undermine Europe’s interests. For more than half a century, the EU has been committed to promoting the deepening of regional integration. The European unified market has greatly promoted the free flow of goods, services, capital and personnel, and has created considerable economic benefits. At present, Europe has not completely shaken off the shadow of the European debt crisis. The Eurozone economy continues to slump, the unified market tends to be saturated, and internal consumer demand is insufficient. Under this circumstance, the EU urgently needs to drive exports through external markets to stimulate economic growth. Therefore, the more fair and open the global trading environment, the more favorable the EU to expand exports to boost the economy. In addition, the establishment and development of the EU itself is the practice of the concept of free trade. Openness, freedom, fairness and the rule of law are the core values ??of the EU and are related to the maintenance of identity. Therefore, Trump's protectionist policy will not only cause conflicts in the real interests of the United States and Europe, but also lead to tears in the values ??of both sides.
Under the circumstances of the United States' conservative internal care and the EU's inability to do so, China's leadership in defending free trade and maintaining globalization is objectively enhanced. China has set up Silk Road Fund, BRICS New Development Bank and AIIB , and proposed that the “One Belt, One Road” initiative and other initiatives have been fully responded on a global scale. China has the strength and willingness to do so. The indefinite stagnation of the TTIP (Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership Agreement) has made the EU's westward development basically hopeless. "Looking east" will be the most rational choice for the EU. EU member states have joined the opposition despite the US Asian investment bank , to "all the way along" attitude from the cold turned hot Initiative show that the EU intends to strengthen cooperation with China in the global economic governance.
Changes in strategic triangular relations boost China and Germany to lead global economic governance
In the current global economic structure, China's strategic position is relatively beautiful and Europe has risen; the cold weather between the United States and Europe has provided space for China and Europe to approach each other. In this context, China and Germany should firmly grasp the current opportunities for bilateral relations and work together to contribute wisdom and strength to global economic governance.
This year's G20 Hamburg Summit will focus on the theme of "Shaping An Interconnected World" and focus on the three major issues of "Building Resilience, Improving Sustainability, Assuming Responsibility". . Merkel highlighted the importance of trade and climate issues when inviting European leaders to hold the G20 preparatory meeting. It is precisely at these two points that there is a fierce conflict between the United States and Europe, and therefore it is not necessary to reach an agreement at the G20 summit. Easy.
Germany's desire to achieve its goal at the G20 summit cannot be separated from China's support. In defending free trade and maintaining globalization, China and Germany share common goals and share broad common interests. Germany's "linkage" is the theme of this summit, highlighting the prevalence of protectionism, the conservative occlusion can not cope with the global economic challenges.
China's “One Belt, One Road” initiative emphasizes world connectivity, and this concept coincides with the theme of the Hamburg Summit, indicating that China and Germany have a basic consensus on how to respond to the challenges of global economic governance. On this basis, China and Germany need to further deepen bilateral relations, promote the integration of China and Europe's respective development strategies, and strive to reach consensus on a wider range of issues. In this way, the adverse effects of Trump's policies can be minimized, and a new situation can be created for global economic governance facing “missing” risks.
##
China's development and world win-win
996 words
15 December 2016
11:12 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. China Internet Information Center
++
?Not long ago, when President Xi Jinping attended the 24th APEC Economic Leaders' Meeting, he reiterated China's global stance of "opening for win-win and promoting integration for prosperity". This year is the fifteenth year of China's accession to the WTO and the 25th year of joining the APEC . China has been open to the outside world for nearly 40 years. Today, China has become the world's largest trading nation and has become the largest "stakeholder" in global development.
??How to look at the current world economic situation? President Xi Jinping clearly pointed out in his series of speeches that the world economy is undergoing a tortuous recovery in deep adjustment, and it is at a critical period for the transformation of new and old growth kinetic energy. The international trade and investment are in a downturn, protectionism is on the rise, and the development of emerging market economies faces more challenges.
??It needs to be seen that with the end of the "Cold War" and the formation of the global market, after entering the 21st century, globalization is still the general trend and trend of the world. The outstanding performance is that global trade accounts for a growing proportion of GDP. However, after reaching its peak in 2008, there was a reversal that was “reverse globalization”. According to the latest data from the World Bank , the share of world import and export trade in GDP fell from 51.9% in 2008 to 45.0% in 2015, a decrease of 6.9 percentage points. It is against this background that President Xi Jinping once again emphasized mutual benefit and win-win results. Despite the decline in international trade, China’s openness and openness are consistent. Taking the data of 2015 as an example, China’s import of goods reached 1.68 trillion US dollars, accounting for 10.0% of the world total, and became the largest trading partner of 125 countries and regions in the world; foreign investment reached 145.7 billion US dollars; The engineering contract amounted to a turnover of 154.1 billion US dollars; outbound tourism was 117 million person-times, and outbound tourism consumption exceeded 100 billion US dollars; the number of students studying abroad reached 523,900, and the number of foreign students coming to China reached 397,600.
??China's development is a world opportunity. What else can China do for the world? In the next five years, China's annual import volume will reach 1.6 trillion to 1.8 trillion US dollars, which will become the largest trading partner of 140-150 countries and regions; the annual foreign investment will reach 150 billion to 200 billion US dollars; The contracted project contract will complete a turnover of 180 billion to 200 billion US dollars; the annual outbound tourism will reach 140 million to 170 million person-times, and the outbound tourism consumption will reach 110 billion to 130 billion US dollars; the number of overseas students will reach 600,000-800,000 per year. People, foreign students coming to China will reach 400,000 to 500,000.
??Today's world economy needs "stabilizers", world trade needs "accelerators", world innovation requires "engines", and global governance requires "responsible persons." For this reason, China as a sponsor and actively promote the G20 summit in Hangzhou, the development of " Group of Twenty global trade growth strategy," aimed at reducing trade costs, trade and investment to strengthen policy coordination, promote ISP service providers, especially in developing countries Participation in global value chains; China as an advocate, taking the lead in advancing the Asia-Pacific Free Trade Area (FTAAP) at the APEC meeting, promoting the Regional Comprehensive Economic and Partnership Agreement (RCEP), and working towards a more open and prosperous regional economic integration.
??The world is hot and cold. The world has never been as closely connected as it is today. Temporary “reverse globalization” cannot change this historical trend and world trend. The global market promotes global competition, global competition promotes global innovation, global innovation drives global development, and global development is for the people of the world. China is making every effort to promote the process of economic globalization, to walk with the world and win with the world.
??(Author: Tsinghua University National Institute of Research)
China Internet Information Center
Document CHOROS0020161216eccg0005m

##




Focus on China
Chinese dream digitization
Katgar Delinghausen Chen Junan
729 words
27 October 2018
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
The British "European Council for Foreign Relations" website October 26 article, the original title: China Dream Digitalization Today, new information technologies, such as big data, new media, cloud computing and artificial intelligence, permeate all aspects of life. The digital revolution is changing the economy, society and governance. China attaches great importance to the digital economy and cyberspace and regards it as a new territory for global competition. As a latecomer to the past two industrial revolutions, China now faces a historic opportunity to be at the forefront of a new round of change.
China has the largest number of Internet users in the world. They use digital technology and mobile devices to access information, communicate, pay, buy online, and travel. China has taken the lead in the digital economy, and Internet-based technologies have been integrated into all aspects of the national economy. The new business model of the digital platform, the sharing economy and e-commerce have greatly reduced costs, and contributed to China's economic growth.
China’s national policy is playing a key role in establishing the digital infrastructure needed. These digital infrastructures are indispensable for reducing communications, production and transportation costs to participate in new global competition. The Chinese government understands the importance of the digital economy. To this end, it has incorporated specific goals and measures into the 13th Five-Year Plan, and has also formulated strategies such as “Internet Plus”. This proactive approach is different from the United States. China is not only taking the lead in adopting new technologies, but also increasingly moving abroad in the digital economy. This in turn has increased China's international influence in setting standards.
Digital economy-related industries have accounted for more than one-third of China's GDP. It is a prerequisite for high value-added growth and the key to China's economic restructuring. Internet-based technology is the key to optimizing production, reducing overcapacity, modernizing agriculture, and stimulating domestic demand to solve the biggest weakness of China's economy.
But to be globally leading in the digital economy, China is also facing various challenges. For example, the digitization of different industries and sectors has been different. At present, investment and development are still mainly focused on improving consumption rather than promoting production and agricultural efficiency.
But in any case, the opportunities China faces are unprecedented. The digital revolution and the rise of China are closely related to the world's major powers. China's goal is to become a global power in cyberspace, using new technologies to promote its economic growth and global influence, and to enable it to influence the world in a way that is beneficial to itself. China is determined to take advantage of the new wave of technological innovation and finally stand in the lead position of the previous two industrial revolutions. ? (Katega Delinghausen, translated by Chen Junan)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020181026eear0000j

##


In-depth report
Meeting the trade war, China will be more open than conservative
Global Times
1250 words
7 July 2018
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
The Sino-US trade war officially kicked off on the 6th. The Chinese side announced that the US counter-measures had officially entered into force at noon that day. The Chinese Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its statement that China will unswervingly deepen reforms, expand openness, protect entrepreneurship, strengthen property rights protection, and create for enterprises in China. Good business environment.
In the whole of China, the whole society is angry with the Trump administration’s trade war. Most people strongly support the government’s resolute response. The official statement does not forget to emphasize deepening reform and opening up. This makes people see the country facing The strength and stability of this storm.
This round of trade war between China and the United States will involve about 50 billion US dollars of products. This figure is very small for the US or China's total economic output, but it has brought great shock to global public opinion. It will certainly affect the understanding of the nature of the relations between the two countries in the Sino-US society and seriously increase the mentality of mutual strategic precautions.
Next, not only will the Sino-US trade war be further escalated, but the tension brought about by economic conflicts will not be ruled out in other areas of Sino-US relations. From the perspective of Chinese society, we have experienced relatively smooth reform, opening up and development in the past 40 years. Apart from the short-term tension between China and the West, China's international environment is still relatively loose. The Sino-US trade war has made many people feel that the strategic environment for China's development is changing. We will face external pressures and risks that have not been seen for a long time.
The increase in external pressure will inevitably affect the Chinese people's internal and external policies. If this pressure continues to rise, it will form a force. What we hope is that most of this pressure can be translated into China's driving force to accelerate reform, expand openness, and constantly create social vitality and resilience, instead of becoming a conservative to comprehensively strengthen social control and enforce more restrictions on social freedom. The thrust of the policy.
In fact, the Sino-US trade war is not only a game of interests between the two countries, but also represents a different direction of development. The United States is engaged in unilateralism, protectionism, and economic nationalism. China is engaged in multilateralism and free trade. We have already stood in the direction of history. It is precisely the United States that is retrogressive. Moreover, the reason why China possesses today's economic strength is the result of taking the path of reform and opening up. The United States actually wants to fight China's reform and opening up. We must accurately grasp the trade war with the United States and continue to adhere to the relationship between reform and opening up. We must not abolish the latter because of the former.
Reform and opening up is not simply a matter of several policies. It is a grand social practice system involving all people. It must have a broad base of freedom from economic activities to social construction, which will bring the active participation of all members of society and become a "people's war."
Objectively speaking, when faced with certain difficulties and risks, it is often inevitable to strengthen the control in a targeted manner. However, it is necessary to be clear that the additional control should have a temporary nature. The purpose of strengthening the control is to create a more dynamic process. Regulation. This direction cannot be reversed. The result of management and control cannot be that the economic and social life is getting tighter and tighter.
The so-called "strategic competition" between China and the United States is not a geopolitical competition in the traditional sense. It is actually the competition of the two countries' respective sustainable development capabilities. To maintain development, a big country must have unity, organizational capacity and social order. Second, it must have full social vitality and creativity based on it. Compared with China and the United States, China’s former has an advantage, and the latter’s latter is more substantial. The former US cannot be remedied for institutional reasons. There is now a saying that the latter term of China is also difficult to become a strength for institutional reasons.
This may be the "last mile" of China's rise. China must raise our social vitality to the world's first-class level, realize the maximum release of human intelligence, enthusiasm, and exploration spirit under the Chinese political system, and form a high-spirited situation in which the entire country is racing. And in the end, this level of competition will ultimately determine the overall competition between China and the United States.
The crisis also means opportunity. Chinese philosophy pays more attention to this law than Western philosophy. If China can indeed make greater efforts to deepen reform and opening up as a result of the trade war, then this trade war is likely to become a historical opportunity to promote China's healthier rise. We hope that the real situation in history is like this. ?
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020180706ee770000l


##





Focus on China
EU-China will form a new G2?
Andrea Lengu, translated into Xiangyang
744 words
19 August 2017
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
The article "A Diplomatic Scholar" website of the United States on August 17, the original question: Will China and the EU form a new two-strong group (G2)? The EU and China are already strategic partnerships, but the EU-China partnership has not made much progress in the past 10 years. Now, the EU-China partnership is facing the perfect opportunity to realize its full potential and become the new G2 in the world.
The signal from Washington is very clear: the world, still rely on yourself. This is where the EU-China G2 comes into play. If the world’s number one power decides to take a vacation, someone has to take over the responsibility. The EU and China, as the other two economic powers, are the only ones capable of competent. Unlike the new government in Washington, they share some common views on how global governance advances. On trade, aid, climate change and a range of other issues, Brussels and Beijing want to find solutions with other countries.
The original Sino-US G2 concept was proposed more than a decade ago. The original intention was not to become a new entity to replace the existing global governance structure, but to engage, negotiate and reach consensus as a broad global action plan for the United States and China. platform. The role of the EU-China G2 should also be the same. The key to this partnership is not to weaken the existing mechanisms, but to play a complementary role by forming two strong consensuses. More importantly, if Europe and China can seek consensus from each other, others (including the United States) may join. The EU-China G2 may not be a panacea, but at least it means that in the next four to eight years, there will be no stagnation or retrogression in the next four to eight years when the United States is alienated and unwilling to take the lead.
In the Sino-US G2, both Washington and Beijing regard each other as potential competitors or opponents, and neither country trusts the other party's behavior. This mistrust makes it difficult to establish the kind and frank partnership that G2 needs to operate. There is no such problem in the EU and China. There is no geopolitical competition between the EU and China, and there is no structural distrust. The EU has limited presence in the Asia-Pacific region. There are no allies there, and no EU warships have entered the South China Sea near the island reef. No military or geopolitical competition makes it more likely that European and Chinese leaders will build the mutual trust needed to make G2 work.
For the above reasons, the Euro-China G2 will be far more feasible than the original Sino-US G2. In an era when the United States retreats from the global arena, the EU-China partnership may fill some of the vacancies. Although it is not easy to implement such partnerships, if there is political will in Brussels and Beijing, such partnerships may become a reality. ? (author Andrei Lungu, translated from Xiangyang)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020170818ed8j0000c



##




Focus on China
The United States and Russia against China is a castle in the air
Raymond Guo Chenyi
621 words
7 January 2017
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
Japanese Foreign Scholars website January 6th article, original question: Does the Trump-style triangle diplomacy work? Some commentators have suggested that Trump may have a coherent and far-reaching strategy. Suppose this is the triangle diplomacy of the new era? Unlike Nixon’s approach in 1972, the United States did not divide China and the Soviet Union and urged China to oppose the Soviet Union. Instead, it wooed Russia to deal with the rise of China. But this strategy is based on the wrong premise.
Looking back at history, there are two points in promoting the deterioration of Sino-Soviet relations. First, China and the Soviet Union are caught in a complex state of interdependence. Both Moscow and Beijing want to gain an ideological advantage in the international communist movement. China has also received substantial economic assistance from the Soviet Union. Second, Moscow and Beijing have been engaged in geopolitical competition, and China is at a disadvantage. China is increasingly treating the Soviet Union, not the United States, as the primary threat. This provides a great opportunity for the United States to induce China to leave the Soviet camp by providing opportunities to integrate into the international trading system, scientific cooperation and normalize relations.
However, the above conditions do not exist today. China and Russia did not have the leadership of a competing group of countries, and they did not unite to challenge the order of the US leadership. They did not sign formal alliances or defense agreements, only limited military exercises, and the security organizations they participated in focused on counter-terrorism and non-traditional threats rather than conventional defenses. Although China is one of the largest markets for Russian goods, Germany is not far behind. For China, the trade relationship with Moscow is even less important.
Any alliance against China will take years to fully form. At the same time, the United States will abandon its authority and international leadership in important European regions and even global security in the short term, in the hope that Russia will maintain an alliance with the United States in the medium and long term, but this expectation is unknown. Therefore, the signing of Washington will be an expensive and almost no medium- and long-term benefit, and the interests of the United States will accumulate in a longer period of time. So this is a bad deal. ? (author Raymond Guo, Chen Yi translation)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020170106ed170000k


##

Focus on China
China's unique space ambition
South Lata Gosvami Jo Heng
642 words
5 August 2016
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
Japanese diplomatic scholars website August 3 article, original title: China's unique space ambition China's space ambitions and goals are different. In the past, the space race between the United States and the Soviet Union was mainly for "who first went there" (related to prestige and status) and geopolitical competition. China’s space ambition is different. Its purpose is to use the enormous resources in space to promote and sustain economic growth.
When the Soviet satellite was launched on October 4, 1957, the United States was shocked. First, the United States was a technology leader at the time. Second, the United States believed that the Soviet Union was a poor, peasant-based economy that could not make cutting-edge space technology. The satellites showcased the high-end technology of the Soviet Union, which also increased the international prestige of the Soviet Union and exacerbated US concerns. Since then, almost all space programs between the United States and the Soviet Union have been affected by factors such as prestige, embarrassment and cold war confrontation.
Unlike the geopolitics and space politics of the Cold War, China's space program goes beyond simply seeking prestige and status. It is a long-term vision to explore space to harness the resources of the moon and asteroids and establish a permanent space presence.
At present, China's space activities pay special attention to three areas, namely space solar, moon and asteroid mining, and the establishment of a national space station. China recognizes that investing in space solar technology research and development is a long-term focus to ensure uninterrupted energy flows in the future, so we begin to study the construction of solar energy infrastructure in orbit. Another space ambition in China is to exploit the resources on the back of the moon. A resource-rich asteroid is the next step. It is understandable that due to future energy demand, China intends to promote the lunar and asteroid exploration programs. Since 2011, a bill in the US Congress has prevented China from participating in the International Space Station. Therefore, China has invested heavily in the establishment of its own space station by 2020.
China has long hoped to go deep into space exploration and reach Mars. Most importantly, its space program is not primarily for geopolitical competition, but to use resources and establish a permanent space presence. The definition of space property ownership by international space law is unclear, which is beneficial to China because it is based on the principle of “first come, first served”. ? (Author Nan Lata Gosvami, translated by Joe Heng)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020160804ec850000o

##
News background
US investigates whether Huawei violates embargo regulations
Zhang Penghui, Xing Xiaoyu, Ren Zhong
1364 words
4 June 2016
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
The newspaper's correspondent in the United States, Zhang Penghui, reporter Xing Xiaoyu ? Ren Zhong
The US "New York Times" published an exclusive report on the 2nd that the US Department of Commerce has issued an administrative summons to China's communications equipment giant Huawei, requesting Huawei to provide all information on exports to North Korea, Iran, Syria, Cuba and Sudan over the past five years. The United States survey of export restrictions on communications technology, these countries are sanctioned by the United States. The article said that the US investigation was aimed at finding out whether Huawei violated the US embargo. The Global Times reporter contacted Huawei on the 3rd, and the other party did not comment. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said on the 3rd that he noticed relevant reports and saw that Huawei has issued a statement stating that Huawei is committed to complying with the laws and regulations of its country.
The New York Times said the subpoena was sent to Huawei's US headquarters in Dallas, Texas. According to the contents of the subpoena, in addition to requiring Huawei to provide information on products shipped to the above five countries, the US also wants to obtain evidence that the company indirectly shipped to these countries through shadow companies or shell companies. According to the report, Huawei was not accused of misconduct, and the above subpoena was an administrative order, not a criminal summons.
Hong Kong's "South China Morning Post" said on the 3rd that a Huawei spokesperson said in a statement on the same day that the company has a very strict code of conduct, adequate training and detailed policies on export control, and related government departments on this issue. Active cooperation, including the US Department of Commerce . "But on the subpoena, both Huawei and the US Department of Commerce said they would not comment.
The United States has long banned the sale of products containing more than a certain percentage of the country’s technology to countries that have been sanctioned. The New York Times said that Huawei has gradually become China's most successful international technology company, in part because it has opened up a variety of markets including the United Kingdom, India and Kenya. However, the company has also entered markets such as Syria and Iran.
The US’s suspicion and alertness against Huawei did not begin with this matter. India's "Economic Times" said on the 3rd that Huawei has six R&D centers in the United States, but the impact on the US telecommunications infrastructure market is not large. The US "Wall Street Journal" said on the 3rd that in 2012 the US Congress issued a report recommending that US operators do not use Huawei's equipment on the grounds that the Chinese government may use these devices to monitor Americans. Since then, telecommunications network equipment such as Huawei's base stations and antennas have actually been expelled from the US market. Reuters said on the 3rd that the US security department had warned South Korea and its allies not to buy Huawei's routing equipment because it contained "secret backdoors for espionage." In addition, Huawei's software makes it difficult for intelligence agencies in the United Kingdom and the United States to monitor intelligence from countries such as Iran and Cuba that use the software. The BBC said on the 3rd that the former CIA former employee Snowden had previously disclosed that while the US publicly expressed concerns about the safety of Huawei products, the US National Security Agency was busy laying the back door of Huawei equipment to eavesdrop on communications. information.
The New York Times commented that the US government’s investigation of Huawei showed that China and the United States are “increasingly uncoordinated” in global communications technology control, and it also shows how technology companies in both countries are involved in “high-risk geography” due to cybersecurity and management issues. Political competition." While the US is suppressing Huawei, China has used this as a reason to restrict US companies such as Cisco, IBM and Qualcomm from taking an advantage in their markets. In March of this year, another Chinese telecom giant, Zhongxing Group, was briefly listed on the export restriction list by the US for the same reason, and was later temporarily released. The temporary license is valid from March 24 to June 30. The New York Times said that once the US discovers that Huawei has behaviors that are inconsistent with US national security or foreign policy interests, the US may restrict its access to key US components and other technology products. Many of Huawei's products use US components and technologies. Considering its scale and scope of business, if the US really takes measures, it may affect cellular networks and other large-scale technology infrastructure projects around the world.
A Sino-US trade expert told the Global Times reporter on the 3rd that in recent years, Huawei has made certain breakthroughs in many cutting-edge fields, which inevitably caused certain pressure on the US side and caused its vigilance. Although the United States is only an investigation now, its purpose is to limit the development of Huawei. This is nothing more than trying to protect its high-tech enterprises. Yu Chengdong, head of Huawei's consumer electronics business, said at a technology conference in Hong Kong on the 3rd that although the United States is worried that Huawei's telecommunications network equipment will threaten its network security, Huawei's efforts to sell smartphones in the United States will not be affected. ?
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020160603ec6400009


##









(Economic) US business representatives said that tariffs on Chinese products would damage the competitiveness of the US industry
Gao Pan
1297 words
30 July 2018
09:33 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2018 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
?Xinhua News AgencyWashington, July 30 (Reporter Gao Pan) The US Trade Representative Office recently held a hearing to discuss the issue of tariffs for the $16 billion Chinese exports to the United States. Participants generally expressed concern about the increase of tariffs to damage the US economy and reduce the competitiveness of the US industry. The American Semiconductor Association and the Semiconductor Industry Association said at the hearing that the United States accounts for 40% of the global market share of semiconductors, and that the Chinese semiconductor trade is in a trade surplus, and more than 40% of the semiconductor products imported from China are US-based companies or US-owned companies. enterprise. The main R&D and design of semiconductors are carried out in the United States. The chips are only assembled in China. Adding tariffs will increase the cost of US companies, which is not conducive to R&D investment and damages the leading position of the United States. In the inquiry section, the Consumer Technology Association bluntly asked the questioning officials that changing the source of suppliers is actually the ability of the government to undermine the independent operation of enterprises, which will lead to the loss of high-paying jobs in the United States. The US Retail Industry Leadership Association is concerned that the addition of tariffs will affect American households, increase the daily costs of dealers, consumers, and farmers, and the supply chain of consumer goods will take a long time to move. Representatives from various associations and companies in the US chemical and plastic products, containers, electric bicycles, and auto parts manufacturing industries said they could not find suppliers other than China, and the US domestic supply could not meet current demand. They pointed out that China is an important source of chemical raw materials and electronic components. Many products are only produced in large-scale production in China. It is difficult to find alternatives. It is difficult for the domestic supply in the United States to meet market demand. Even if the supply chain is adjusted, it will take a long time. Adding tariff measures will force companies to increase product prices, pass the burden on to consumers, and even be forced to move factories overseas, which is not conducive to US companies participating in international competition. Many US SME representatives complained that the impact of tariff increases was serious. Brinley-Hadi said that the Trump administration recently imposed tariffs on imported steel and aluminum products and imposed tariffs on US$34 billion on US exports to the US on July 6. This inherits five generations and owns 179. The family business of the year is facing a threat of closure, and the new tariff will make the situation worse. The US Information Technology Industry Committee also pointed out that the imposition of tariffs on Chinese products may lead to disruption of the global supply chain and seriously harm US small businesses, because changing suppliers is particularly difficult and costly for small businesses. Among the participating companies, Logitech, Global Electronics, Banner Engineering, and Fordway have factories in China. Representatives of these companies said that the company did not encounter compulsory technology transfer in China. Logitech The representative of the company said that the company did not permit or was required to license any technology transfer to Chinese companies, nor was it forced to transfer intellectual property or technology to Chinese companies. Logitech has not been subject to restrictions on the relevant administrative licensing or licensing requirements described in the US 301 investigation report in China. Representatives of Global Electronics said that US companies have the ability to compete with anyone in a fair environment. Adding tariffs will make American high-tech companies like Global Electronics in a difficult position in global competition. The company's representative urged the Trump administration not to impose tariffs, but should work with companies to implement trade policies that would benefit US employment and US companies competing in global markets. Adam Posen, director of the Peterson Institute for International Economics, an American think tank, toldXinhua News Agency , the tariff on Chinese products will be counterproductive for the US economy and enterprises, because it will increase the import costs of US companies and weaken the competitiveness of US companies. A recent study released by the Peterson Institute for International Economics also shows that because most of the US taxation products list for China is intermediate products and capital equipment, the most serious impact will be on importing parts and products from China. American companies that sell to the world. Chad Bowen, a senior researcher at the institute, predicts that many US companies will follow the example of the Harley-Davidson Motorcycle Company moving some of its factories overseas, which is the price of a "bad trade policy." On June 15, the US government announced that it would impose a 25% import tariff on US$50 billion of goods originating in China based on the unilateral findings of the 301 investigation. Among them, the additional tariff measures for the $34 billion Chinese exports to the United States were implemented on July 6. The additional $16 billion in tariffs on Chinese exports to the United States also required public comment. (Finish)
07
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020180730ee7u008y9


##

(International) Feature: Multilateralism: The pace of advancement is unstoppable
Yang Dingdu
1651 words
21 January 2018
11:07 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2018 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency Beijing 1 Yue 22 Ri Dian feature articles: Multilateralism: the pace of the front row overwhelming ??Xinhua News Agency reporter Yang Liu Chen Zhu Dongyang Dingdou the annual World Economic Forum in Davos will be held on the occasion, the Forum issued the "2018 Global The Risk Report is concerned about the rise of trade protectionism caused by the rise of nationalism and populist politics. US President Trump plans to sell the "US priority" policy at this annual meeting. In the past year, the United States has repeatedly "retreated", hurting many international multilateral economic and security mechanisms, and multilateralism has encountered headwinds. At the same time, the narrow nationalism of many European countries has risen, and the isolation of isolationism and protectionism has also brought challenges to the development of multilateralism. Despite this, international authorities still firmly believe that multilateralism is an inevitable choice for world development and will continue to face the trend in 2018. (Subhead) headwind how can the ??American Princeton University professor Robert Keohane believes that adjusted number of international mechanisms to put pressure on US policy, is the biggest feature areas of global governance in 2017. Multilateralism has encountered challenges. The most direct manifestation is that the United States has successively withdrawn from the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, the Paris Agreement on Climate Change, UNESCO , and threatened to withdraw from the North American Free Trade Agreement and the Iranian nuclear agreement. The questioning of multilateralism actually stems from the changes in the political environment within the developed countries such as the United States. Some populist movements have emerged in some European and American countries. Some middle-class and grassroots people believe that globalization has harmed their vital interests. Therefore, they oppose multilateralism based on international consensus and reflecting the interests of all parties, emphasizing that their interests are paramount. Is the rise of the Western populist movement the fault of multilateralism? the answer is negative. In fact, from the United Nations to the European Union, from the World Trade Organization to the International Monetary Fund , the World BankThe role of these multilateral mechanisms in safeguarding world peace and promoting the development of all countries is obvious to all. In the international order they have built together, most countries have developed steadily and their lives have improved. Especially in developing countries, hundreds of millions of people have been able to escape poverty, war and suffering. The reason for the rise of anti-multilateralism is that the internal policies of these countries are seriously unbalanced, trying to find a scapegoat for themselves by "planting" multilateral mechanisms. Ke O'Han wrote for the "Diplomatic" magazine that Western elites benefited from globalization and multilateralism, but neglected to feed back ordinary people, and did not pay attention to providing protection to people who did not adapt to global competition or even lost their jobs, resulting in poor Western society. The widening gap between the rich and the poor has provoked opposition from the middle class and the working class. (Subheading) Although the new dynamic multilateralism has encountered a headwind in recent years, it is gaining new development momentum in the important adjustment of the global economic and political power comparison. Since the international financial crisis in 2008, the economic development of western developed countries has been frustrated. In particular, the growth of the United States has slowed down, its relative advantages have further narrowed, and the confidence and ability to lead the world has been weakened. The United States began to think more about costs and benefits, and turned to US interests first. Wolff, chief economic commentator of the Financial Times, said, "They (high-ranking US officials) like bilateralism over multilateralism; they prefer to exercise US power unilaterally than system-based cooperation." Emerging markets and developing countries represented by "BRIC countries" such as China, India, Brazil, Russia and South Africa have risen collectively, their overall national strength has increased, their influence in international affairs has increased remarkably, and they have played a major role in the world's major multilateral mechanisms. Greater role brings new vitality to multilateralism. ??Renmin University of ChinaChen Yue, a professor at the School of International Relations, believes that the international order established by the Western powers led by the United States does not fully consider the requirements of developing countries and emerging powers. After 70 years of development in the post-war period, its irrationality and imperfections have gradually become prominent, and it is imperative to adjust and reform accordingly. (Subheading) Continue to go forward History and reality tell us that narrow nationalism and protectionism are dead ends; multilateralism is an effective way to maintain peace and promote development. History is the best textbook. In the late 1920s and early 1930s, the United States suffered a Great Depression. In the meantime, the US government introduced the "Smite-Hawley Act" to increase import tariffs on raw materials, which led to a sharp decline in US exports, which became one of the reasons why the United States could not get out of the Great Depression. Wolff pointed out that the Great Depression has wiped out the narrow nationalism and protectionism. In today's world, new technologies such as artificial intelligence and mobile Internet of Things are spurring industrial transformation, the world economy is deeply adjusted, and skill anxiety is becoming more and more common. On this occasion, all countries in the world should learn from the Great Depression that broke out in 1929. Maintaining and developing multilateralism is an inevitable choice for dealing with today's global challenges and solving the current world's problems. It is also the trend of historical development. In line with the general trend of the world, China unswervingly supports and upholds multilateralism. As China continues to develop, China's support for multilateralism is growing. UN Secretary-General Guterres said, "China has become an important pillar of multilateralism, and the purpose of our practice of multilateralism is to build a community of human destiny." In fact, China’s "One Belt, One Road" initiative has become The world's countries have jointly established and shared important multilateral cooperation platforms; China's participation in the launch of new cooperative mechanisms such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , the BRICS Bank, and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank have improved and complemented the existing international system and order. Institutional cooperation injects more renewal vitality. "To create a common destiny in a divided world." The theme of this year's Davos Forum not only pointed out challenges and problems, but also revealed its vision and expectations. It is believed that the international community can gather wisdom and gather talents to allow multilateralism to gain a steady flow of momentum and promote world-win development. (Finish)
01
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020180122ee1m0018i



##
(Finance) Interview: China's communication service providers develop "One Belt, One Road" market prospects can be expected - Interview with He Weizhong, Chairman of Hong Kong Communications Industry Association
Deng Wei
752 words
1 November 2017
05:48 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2017 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, London, November 1st: Interview: China's communication service providers develop "One Belt, One Road" market prospects - Interview with He Weizhong, Chairman of Hong Kong Communications Industry Association
Xinhua News Agency reporter Deng Wei
He Weizhong, Chairman of the Hong Kong Communications Industry Association and Chief Executive Officer of CITIC Telecom International (Information Technology) Co., Ltd., said in an exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency in London that the “One Belt, One Road” market is full of development opportunities. Chinese communication service providers are in policy support, technical standards and The development cost has unique advantages in three aspects, and should actively “go out” to develop the local market.
He Weizhong said that some countries and regions along the “Belt and Road” are relatively backward in information technology and lack of relevant technical talents. However, there is a great demand for information services in the region. It is very hopeful to strengthen external cooperation, jointly build and improve the local network technology environment. The “One Way” market has great potential for development.
He Weizhong pointed out that different countries have different characteristics and advantages, but also have different degrees of risk. The “going out” Chinese enterprises should fully understand the local market, analyze opportunities and make appropriate strategic adjustments. In general, high-risk areas may have high returns, but companies must have the ability to manage risks.
As the leader of the Hong Kong communications industry, He Weizhong believes that there are three major competitive advantages for Chinese communication service providers to develop the “Belt and Road” market. The first is the policy advantage. The Chinese government strongly supports enterprises to “go global” and provide policy guidance to different markets to help enterprises avoid risks. Secondly, it is a technological advantage. At present, China is at the forefront of global technology in many aspects, and its scientific and technological talents are rich. The third is the advantage of latecomer, the information industry is updated fast. For China, the cost loss caused by technology upgrade is relatively low, and it will show advantages in global competition.
He Weizhong’s trip to London was mainly to participate in CITIC Telecom’s acquisition of Dutch telecom operator Linx Mobile Communications. CITIC Telecom International completed its acquisition of the latter in February this year.
He Weizhong said that although the acquisition of the Dutch telecom operators is small, it has operations in 14 countries in Central Asia and Europe. CITIC Telecom International is very interested in this company to directly enter the "Belt and Road" market, Unicom Central Asia.
For enterprises that want to “go global” to develop the “One Belt, One Road” market, He Weizhong suggested that business opportunities exist at all times, but there is information asymmetry in the market. Enterprises should exert subjective initiative on the basis of information services provided by the government, and learn as much as possible. Grasp the market information and combine it with your own development needs to seize opportunities. (Finish)
07
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020171101edb100392

##




(Two sessions, important news) There must be a new role in practicing the new development concept - General Secretary Xi Jinping’s important speech during the deliberation of the Shanghai delegation caused a warm response
Zhu Jizhen
1923 words
5 March 2017
12:25 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2017 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, March 5th: The implementation of the new development concept must have a new role - General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech during the deliberation of the Shanghai delegation caused a warm response
Xinhua News Agency reporter Zhu Jizhen, Ji Ming
The horror of the spring is the hair, and the endeavor is at the right time.
On the 5th, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that when he participated in the deliberation of the Shanghai delegation of the Fifth Session of the 12th National People's Congress, he emancipated the mind, dared to take responsibility, dare to be the first, firmly practice the new development concept, deepen reform and opening up, and lead the innovation drive. , continuously enhance attractiveness, creativity and competitiveness.
General Secretary Xi Jinping’s important speech has aroused enthusiastic response among the deputies and the broad masses of cadres and masses. Everyone said that they should strive to be the first in the process of practicing the new development concept, set off their sleeves and work harder, and strive for more new things.
(Subheading) Positive: Reform and opening will never stop
Looking around the current situation, the international environment is complex and changeable, and the anti-globalization trend has arisen, and trade protectionism has been surging. When the general secretary participated in the deliberation of the Shanghai delegation, he clearly stated that "the door to China's opening will not be closed, and it is necessary to adhere to all-round opening up." "Bold trials, boldness, and independent reform" "further highlighting the comprehensive deepening of reforms and the expansion of open experimental fields. The role is to clarify our country’s clear-cut attitude towards the world.” The speech of the General Secretary is both a spur to Shanghai and a requirement for the whole country, and a clear signal to the world to persist in reform and opening up.
"Globalization and trade liberalization are the general trend. Chinese companies must implement the general secretary's requirements for opening up and must learn how to win new advantages in global competition." Chen Yiyuan, chairman of the National People's Congress and chairman of Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd. .
In the face of the continuing sluggish global shipping market situation, Shanghai International Port Group has ensured the steady growth of its main production by actively exploring the market, expanding diversified financing methods, and conscientiously implementing comprehensive “camp reforms”. A record high.
Shanghai Port's efforts to achieve progress in the predicament are also the epitome of the Shanghai Free Trade Pilot Zone's continuous expansion of reform and opening up under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee. Over the past three years, the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone has promoted institutional innovation in investment management, trade supervision, financial open innovation, and post-event supervision. A number of reform and innovation measures have been replicated throughout the country.
“The General Secretary once again raised ardent expectations and clear requirements for the construction of the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone.” Weng Zuliang, secretary of the Pudong New Area Party Committee and executive deputy director of the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Management Committee, said that the next step of the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone will be built and opened. A new type of government-administered new system and a new regulatory model that is compatible with the economy, and strive to achieve more institutional innovations that can be replicated and promoted.
Shanghai and other domestic free trade pilot zones have become a new benchmark for China's reform and opening up. Statistics show that Shanghai, Guangdong, Tianjin and Fujian's four free trade pilot zones have attracted one-tenth of the country's foreign investment with a land area of ??five hundred thousandths.
After listening to the speech of the general secretary, Niu Jing, director of the Hengqin District Management Committee of the Guangdong Pilot Free Trade Zone, said that he should continue to use reforms to lead the system innovation of opening up, focus on the combination of reform measures, and build internationalization against international high standards. Market-oriented, rule-based business environment, and strive to create more institutional innovation cases that can be replicated and promoted.
(Subheading) Proactive: Innovation will never stagnate
On the evening of the 5th, the assembly shop of Shanghai Aircraft Manufacturing Co., Ltd. was still brightly lit. Even though it was Sunday, the staff was still nervously debugging the equipment in the assembly shop, which is the normal working condition of the C919 model.
Since 2000, China has started the ARJ21 project and the C919 large passenger aircraft project. The first ARJ21 aircraft was officially put into operation on the route last year. Now the C919 is flying in the first place.
"The core technology we really need is that we can't buy it. Only by relying on independent innovation can we realize the dream of a strong aviation country." I heard the speech of the general secretary on TV, said Xi Xihong, director of production management department of COMAC Shanghai Aircraft Manufacturing Co., Ltd. The general secretary stressed the importance of innovation and is very targeted.
General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that adapting to and leading the new normal of economic development and promoting structural reforms on the supply side must rely on innovation. It is necessary to enhance the concentration and display of science centers with global vision and international standards, make great innovations in the field of basic science and technology, and make great breakthroughs in key core technology fields.
“The speech of the General Secretary has put forward higher requirements for our scientific and technological workers.” Pan Jianwei, a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, said that the promotion of the transformation and development of the national economy needs to be driven by technological innovation, and that science and technology workers should take the initiative to take the initiative. The sense of responsibility is not only to do a good job in basic research, but also to contribute to the development of technology-driven productivity.
Innovation is the key to talent.
"To be more prosperous, to be talented, to be talented, to use the talents, to reform the talent cultivation and use mechanism" "to promote the breakthrough and refinement of talent policy innovation" "to really use the talents of the world to make more thousands of horses compete"... Xi Jinping The speech of the General Secretary is crucial.
As a representative who spoke at the meeting, Xu Ningsheng , the president of Fudan University , was deeply touched.
"The mission of colleges and universities is to train people, and science and technology innovation depends on talents. We must meet the national high, precise and talented talent plans, constantly innovate the original discipline structure, and provide a continuous stream of talent resources for innovation," he said.
(Subheading) Science as: Improving Urban Governance
How to strengthen urban social governance? How to solve the "urban disease" in megacities? This is a major issue in the process of modernizing the national governance system and governance capacity.
“The refined management of megacities is a big article that needs to be carefully planned.” Lian Yuming, president of the Beijing International Urban Development Research Institute, said that the speech of the general secretary points out the key to our urban governance.
Not long ago, Xi Jinping inspected in Beijing and delivered an important speech on urban planning and construction. This time, when he participated in the deliberation of the Shanghai delegation, he further developed a prescription for solving the problem of governance in megacities.
"The speech of the General Secretary has a strong guiding significance for coming out of a new path of social governance that is consistent with the characteristics and laws of megacities." Lian Yuming said.
Wang Zhan, deputy of the National People's Congress and dean of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, said that it is necessary to elaborately formulate and improve the construction standards, speed up the improvement of short-boards, strengthen comprehensive rectification, and form a long-term management mechanism.
"After listening to the general secretary, I am deeply inspired. Not only must we dare to act, but also science. We must work according to the new development concept, actively innovate, be willing to sacrifice, and willing to suffer losses, and really do things for the people." Sun Yat-sen, the deputy to the National People's Congress and the party secretary of Yangwang Village, Nanqiao Town, Fengxian District, Shanghai, is full of confidence. (Participating in writing reporters: Qiu Yi, He Xinrong, Jia Yuanzhen, Ye Qian, Sun Fei, Bai Guolong, Li Dexin) (End)
01
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020170305ed35008kd

##


(Science and Technology) Focus Science Popularization: What is the significance of the polarization code that Chinese enterprises push to enter the 5G standard?
Liu Qu
1227 words
30 November 2016
10:43 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2016 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, December 1 (Reporter Liu Qu) In the recent 3GPP conference 5G (fifth generation mobile communication technology) short code scheme discussion, China's Huawei company's main polarization code scheme, pressure on Qualcomm, etc. The main LDPC and the French main push Turbo2.0 two coding schemes become the control channel coding scheme of the 5G communication eMBB scene. What is the meaning of this breakthrough? There are different opinions on the Internet. So, how do you view this breakthrough in the field of 5G technology standards in China's communications industry?
(Subheading) What are the key technologies of 5G?
3GPP is an authoritative 3G (third-generation mobile communication technology) technical specification organization. It was established at the end of 1998 by the relevant telecommunications standards organizations of the United States, Japan, South Korea and Europe. The relevant Chinese institutions joined in June 1999.
With the development of technology, 3GPP defines three major technical scenarios of 5G: enhanced mobile broadband (eMBB), large-scale machine-like communication (mMTC), and ultra-high reliability and low latency communication (uRLLC).
Among them, eMBB corresponds to large-traffic mobile broadband services such as 3D and ultra-high-definition video, mMTC corresponds to large-scale Internet of Things services, and uRLLC corresponds to services requiring low latency and high reliability connection such as driverless or industrial automation.
This polarization code is only for the eMMB scene. Although this scene is not all 5G, it is likely to have the most commercial value. Subsequent will also determine the channel coding scheme in the uRLLC scenario, and then decide the scheme of the mMTC scenario. Polarization code was adopted as one of the 5G important standards this time, and laid the foundation for the right to speak for subsequent standards.
(subheading) What is the coding and channel?
The coding standard of the control channel in the eMMB scenario is obtained by Huawei. The control channel is an information channel for transmitting signaling or synchronizing data. The transmitted data packet is small, but the reliability is high. The Qualcomm is accepted as the coding standard of the data channel, for transmitting large data packets, and enhanced. The ability of data to withstand various interferences as it travels through the channel. It can be said that both have their own emphasis.
The polarization code was first proposed by Professor Edar Alekan of the University of Turken in Turkey in 2008, and Qualcomm's main LDPC code was proposed by Robert G. Gallagher, a pioneer in information and communication science, about 50 years ago. The Turbo 2.0 code, which is mainly promoted by France, is the extension and development of the Turbo code with more than 20 years of history. After several decades of development and improvement, the technology is very mature.
The reason why the polarization code is lost to Qualcomm's LDPC code in the competition of data channel coding is because the industry thinks that the polarization code technology is not mature enough. Compared with the LDPC code and Turbo2.0 code for decades of academic and industrial application technology, the polarization code that was born less than 10 years is relatively immature, and almost no commercial practice is one of the reasons why it has been lacking support.
(Subheading) What is the value of entering the 5G standard?
The polarization code is not Huawei's original. Why does Huawei spare no effort to promote it, and Qualcomm and other companies support LDPC code or Turbo2.0 code?
From a purely technical point of view, a series of indicators such as transmission rate, delay, and data throughput of the three codes can meet the requirements of 5G communication. Each company's main coding technology with its own technological advantages is of course to gain a greater competitive advantage. Once the technology that has been invested in R&D becomes a formal standard, the research results can be applied quickly and there will be greater advantages in patents. In the future, companies that develop this standard will also strengthen their voice in the development of 5G standards.
In the research of polarization code, compared with Huawei, Ericsson , Nokia and other European and American communication equipment manufacturers and upstream chip manufacturers such as Samsung and Qualcomm, there has been little accumulation in recent years.
Polarization codes can be part of the 5G standard this time, largely because of China's growing national strength and the support of many Chinese telecom operators and manufacturing companies.
In recent years, China's information and communication industry has developed rapidly. For example, China Mobile said that it will conduct 5G network trials in 2018. Its leading "5G Network Standard Technical Guidance Recommendation" has also become an important basis and guidance for the development of ITU's 5G standards.
As the Secretary-General of the ITU, Zhao Houlin, said, the ICT industry is a new opportunity for China's development of the "industrial revolution." In the face of global competition, more Chinese companies and scientific research institutions are actively promoting 5G research and development, and China is also expected to become the "leader" in the 5G era. (Finish)
05
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020161201ecc1001md

##
(Innovative China) Review: China's Global Policy for Innovation Governance
Liu Shilei
1635 words
28 May 2016
11:45 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2016 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, May 29th, Review: China's Global Innovation Governance Policy
Xinhua News Agency reporter Liu Shilei
From Washington to Brussels, from the "innovative growth mode" to the "new industrial revolution", the tide of technological innovation surged, and countries rushed to seize the opportunity. China will not be absent from this global competition.
The 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China proposed to implement an innovation-driven development strategy. The Fifth Plenary Session of the 18th CPC Central Committee put forward that innovation is the first driving force for development. We must put the development base on innovation and create more leading developments that rely on innovation to drive more first-mover advantage.
Make a move and move. China recently released the "National Innovation Driven Development Strategy Outline" (referred to as "Outline"), which proposes top-level design and action guides for innovation work in the new era, which is of great significance to the development of China's economic, social and technological undertakings.
(Subheading) Comply with the big forces and seek long-term
Looking at the international market, it is the general trend to lead development with technological innovation. During his tenure, US President Barack Obama issued a national innovation strategy report three times, strategically adjusting the scientific research layout; the EU "Horizon 2020 Plan" integrates scientific research resources of EU countries, and also emphasizes innovation to drive growth.
China has found that it is at the middle and low end of the international division of labor value chain, focusing on labor-intensive and resource-intensive industries, and has paid a high resource and environmental cost. China has also understood that only by striving to innovate can we keep up with the world. The trend, grasp the initiative of development.
Wang Zhigang, deputy minister of science and technology, said that innovation and development are the general trend of international competition, the national transportation system of national rejuvenation, and the situation of national development.
Huo Guoqing, deputy dean of the School of Public Policy and Management of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and vice chairman of the China Development Strategy Research Association, told Xinhua that China has spanned two stages of factor-driven development and capital-driven development in just over 30 years. It began to gradually enter the stage of innovation-driven development, and the introduction of the "Outline" coincided with the time.
International science and policy research experts also believe that China has made the right choice in its development strategy. Rod Way, an associate researcher at the Royal Institute of International Affairs in Asia, said that the Chinese government's initiatives to encourage innovation and entrepreneurship are correct and can fundamentally push China to move from the current stage to the higher stage.
Joseph Foday, a professor at New York University's Stern School of Business, pointed out that promoting economic transformation and growth with innovation is an inevitable trend for China's future development. In the long run, China's future economic growth will mainly come from the development of productivity and science and technology.
(subheading) based on the reality of the overall situation
The strategic deployment of the "Outline" is clear and orderly, and the mission objectives are clear and reasonable. According to the "three-step" strategy put forward by the "Outline", by 2020, 2030 and 2050, it is necessary to achieve "the entry into the ranks of innovative countries", "becoming the forefront of an innovative country" and "building a world power in science and technology innovation". Goals, and each goal echoes the “three-step” of China’s modernization drive and provides support for the latter.
"These strategic objectives are precise, meaningful, and have a strong realistic foundation," Huo Guoqing said. "After more than 30 years of development, China has already emerged a group of high-tech scientific and technological innovation organizations and technological innovation enterprises. We have cultivated a group of talented people with strong independent innovation capabilities, and formed a more favorable platform for innovation and entrepreneurship and a cultural atmosphere."
However, despite the frequent occurrence of China's science and technology highlights in recent years, and the world's attention, the overall level of scientific research and innovation still needs to be improved. The goals and plans put forward by the "Outline" fully reflect this reality and rationality based on national conditions. For example, the "six major changes" put forward that the ability to innovate should be based on "tracking, parallelism, and leading" coexisting and "tracking", and shifting from "parallel" to "leading".
In addition, promoting innovation is not without a slap in the face, but rather doing something different, and seeking key breakthroughs in combination with reality. The "Outline" pointed out that a number of major scientific and technological projects and projects should be deployed in key areas related to national security and long-term development.
In all scientific research fields, we must fully demonstrate, prioritize, and clarify priorities. As the Minister of Science and Technology Wan Gang said: “The important areas that need to be supported in the future are basic research and cutting-edge exploration, which can enhance the original innovation capability.”
(subheading) multiple guarantees to promote change
For how to achieve the strategic goals and how to implement the strategic deployment, the "Outline" also proposes targeted multiple guarantees, many of which directly target current innovation resistance and difficulties.
For example, the "Outline" refers to "two-wheel drive" - ??the two wheels of technological innovation and institutional mechanism innovation are simultaneously exerted, and experts believe that this formulation is "cutting the key."
Huo Guoqing said that the key to restricting scientific and technological innovation and comprehensive social innovation lies in the system and mechanism. The "two-wheel drive" is to face these chronic diseases and encourage the use of wisdom and art to solve these problems and make the innovation-driven development strategy on the right track. .
In addition, the "Outline" also proposed safeguard measures from six aspects, including reform and innovation governance system, increasing investment in innovation through multiple channels, promoting open innovation, improving the evaluation system, implementing intellectual property standards and brand strategy, and fostering an innovative and friendly social environment. In the use of reform, the rule of law, openness and other means to protect the drive of innovation.
Many experts at home and abroad expressed optimism about the prospects of China's innovation-driven development. Zhang Mengjun, a researcher at the China International Science and Technology Cooperation Association, said that the "Outline" was put forward on the basis of continuously deepening the understanding of innovation. The deployment is clear, the support is strong, and the content is rich. The "three-step" goal is "completely achievable."
Nick Campbell, executive editor of Nature magazine in the UK, also bluntly stated that the Chinese government places great emphasis on the importance of research in driving innovation and economic growth. It is moving rapidly toward the direction of global research leaders. In the next few years, China may become One of the countries that contributed the most to global research and development. (Finish)
05
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020160529ec5t0025t
##




View
The unilateral policy of trade has caused the United States to "restore its reputation"
1151 words
25 October 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
"The US credit has fallen more than many Americans expected," a recent overseas media commented on the recent feelings of the international community. Not long ago, American leaders issued negative remarks accusing China of seeking excuses for the US to impose tariff policies. These words and deeds ignore the rules and confuse them. They not only help the resolution of Sino-US economic and trade issues, but also make the United States' "reputation gap" in the international community bigger and bigger. First of all, the words and deeds of the United States undermine the authority of international rules and agreements, and interfere with the global economy and governance order, which detracts from its international reputation. As the main founder and participant of the international economic order and the multilateral trading system, the United States should have taken the lead in observing and maintaining multilateral trade rules. However, this year, the United States has provoked international trade frictions in accordance with domestic laws and used tariffs to coerce major trading partners, which has increased global economic and trade tensions. The US government has also "opted to comply with" international rules and has successively withdrawn from various international organizations and international agreements. This practice has damped global business and investment confidence and triggered financial market turmoil. With "national priority" over international rules and "national security" to cover protectionism, the US policy direction has damaged the WTO.The most basic principles and consensus have affected global economic and trade relations, including China and the United States, and have deviated from the era of economic globalization, which is a major risk to the world economy. Second, the United States ignores the essence of mutual benefit and win-win situation in Sino-US economic and trade relations, and repeatedly advocates the "American Loss Theory", which has caused its international reputation to decline. Sino-US economic and trade cooperation is by no means a zero-sum game. At present, the two countries have formed a mutually beneficial and win-win relationship with highly complementary structures and deep interests. After nearly 40 years of development, the scale of Sino-US trade reached 700 billion US dollars, and the profit of US-funded enterprises in China exceeded 50 billion US dollars. From the perspective of the United States, China’s affordable goods have benefited the general public in the United States; China’s manufacturing supply has made US multinationals globally competitive; China’s huge external demand has led to an increase in US product and service orders. Economic and trade exchanges continue to expand. For this reason, the US increase in tariffs on China is hurting itself. The Chinese exports to the United States, which are currently subject to tariffs, are widely used for assembly and production in the United States. The increase in import costs has caused American companies and consumers to complain. The data shows that although the tariffs imposed on major trading partners, the US trade deficit in the first eight months of this year still reached 391.1 billion US dollars, an increase of 8.6%. As Adam Posen, director of the Peterson Institute for International Economics in the United States, said that the addition of tariffs does not solve the US-China trade dispute, the current US government strategy is doomed to fail. Faced with reality, the US should switch between "thinking mode" and "behavior mode", recognizing the historical law of the combination of China and the United States and the two struggles and fighting the wounds, and returning the economic and trade relations between the two countries to the right track as soon as possible. Third, the United States has repeatedly repeated its intentions in the bilateral economic and trade negotiations between China and the United States, and has also downgraded its international reputation. Sino-US economic and trade exchanges are large, wide-ranging, and diverse, and it is inevitable that some contradictions will arise. China has always been a builder of healthy development of bilateral relations. In the face of differences, China has always proceeded from safeguarding the common interests of the two countries and the world trade order, responding to US concerns with great patience and sincerity, conducting multi-round dialogues and consultations with the United States, and proposing pragmatic solutions. However, the U.S. government’s attitude is capricious and avoids the consensus that “the two sides do not fight trade wars” and crosses the WTO.Multilateral mechanisms provoke trade frictions. As we all know, rule awareness and contract spirit are the foundation of the market economy and the modern international order. The US government's series of practices not only undermine its international reputation, but also hurt its international status and strategic interests. Next year, China and the United States will usher in the 40th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations. As the world's largest economy, the US wants to resolve the crux of Sino-US economic and trade frictions, gain the respect of the international community, change its stance, return to equal consultations, and make up the "credit gap" with practical actions, and work with China to safeguard China-US trade. Cooperate with the overall situation to jointly promote the recovery and development of the world economy.
People's Daily (October 25, 2018, 03 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020181025eeap000at

##

Media
5G is coming, faster and better Chinese companies have obvious first-mover advantage
1449 words
13 August 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Recently, two news have once again made 5G a focus of attention. One is that the "China Tower" is listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, becoming the world's largest initial public offering this year. One important reason is that the company will provide site resources and services for the future 5G network construction; the other is Deloitte about China and the United States. Report on the development of 5G in both countries. The current global 5G layout competition has already begun, and all countries hope to seize the opportunity in this disruptive technological revolution.
Great use of space
Speaking of 5G, many people's first impression is that the Internet is fast, "flying general network speed", video calls, online live broadcast, online shopping, online games, etc. no longer have to worry about the speed of the network. This is just one of the most basic applications of 5G. As the pace of 5G commercialization is getting closer, more 5G-related application scenarios will emerge.
For example, with the 5G high speed and low latency characteristics, driverless cars will sharply detect and avoid surrounding objects, thus realizing large-scale operation; telemedicine content will be more abundant, and diagnosis and treatment will be more accurate and timely. The sharing of medical resources will become a reality; with the Internet of Everything, manufacturing will become more intelligent, and it can connect the whole process from raw materials to production to consumers; and, 5G is safer than 4G.
In the future, 5G will cooperate with various industries and vertical fields, and it is the basic technology in the fields of virtual reality and augmented reality, smart city, smart agriculture, industrial internet, smart grid, vehicle networking, and emergency security. Therefore, the 5G commercial space is full of imagination.
Qualcomm predicts that by 2035, 5G will generate 12.3 trillion US dollars of economic output globally. It is estimated that between 2020 and 2035, the contribution of 5G to global economic growth will reach about 3 trillion US dollars, equivalent to the current gross domestic product of India. . According to a report released by Deloitte recently, due to the “era of untapped economic potential” brought by 5G, countries that are the first to adopt 5G communication will receive “disproportionate benefits”.
First mover advantage
In promoting the development of 5G, Chinese companies are proactive, not only breaking the monopoly of international communication industry giants in terms of patent standards, but also hope to become a "leader." On the technical side, according to the United Nations World Intellectual Property Organization data, the number of patent applications filed by Chinese companies in 2017 increased by 13.4% year-on-year, while Huawei and ZTE have become the world's two largest patent applicants for five consecutive years. In the 5G field, Huawei owns about 10% of all patents, and ZTE has more than 1,700 patents worldwide. Some institutions believe that Chinese companies are building a huge intellectual property library in the 5G field.
In terms of standard setting, on November 17, 2016, the polarization code proposed by Huawei became a 5G short code solution; in December 2017, China Mobile and other enterprises completed the 5G air interface scenario and demand research project and became a 5G standard wireless air interface. The maker of technical standards. This means that Chinese companies have more say in the development of 5G rules.
It is understood that China started the 5G technology R&D test from September 2015, and is currently in the third phase of the trial. It is expected that by the end of this year, the main links of the 5G industry chain will basically reach the pre-commercial level. At the same time, Chinese telecom equipment manufacturers are also actively cooperating with many telecom operators around the world to jointly test 5G equipment.
In the view of many consulting organizations and market research institutions around the world, the United States and China, South Korea and other Asian countries are standing in the first echelon. China's advantage is particularly obvious. Deloitte believes that China's investment in 5G has been more than US$24 billion since 2015, and the number of base stations that have built 5G communications has reached 350,000, compared with less than 30,000 in the US. In the next five years, China's 5G industry's overall market investment will exceed one trillion US dollars. The United States wants to keep up with the rhythm and must spend 2.67 times of Chinese investment.
Increased global competition
Since the beginning of this year, many countries are accelerating the promotion of 5G development. South Korea announced that it will begin commercial application of 5G in March 2019, becoming the first country in the world to launch a commercialized 5G network; Sweden's Ericsson and Intel and other companies have completed the end-to-end non-independent networking standard 5G in the 3.5GHz band. Data call; US mobile communications giant Verizon Telecom announced that it will conduct 5G trial operation in 11 cities in the United States this year; in China, Huawei has launched the world's first 5G commercial chip and end-to-end full range of 5G products. Lenovo recently launched its first mobile phone with a 5G module.
This is a reflection of the increased competition in the global 5G layout since the launch of the fifth-generation mobile communication technology standard (5GNR) on June 14, 2018. In addition to the commercial application field, with the in-depth development of 5G technology in the future, the competition for standard formulation and deployment will become more intense. As the CEO of a well-known foreign telecommunications company said, 5G is the "blue ocean" in the network field, and mastery is the key to future development.
China actively supports 5G development at the macro level. Important documents such as the "13th Five-Year Plan", "13th Five-Year National Informationization Plan", "National Informatization Development Strategy Outline", "Information and Communication Industry Development Plan (2016-2020)", etc. Promote the development of 5G industry. In the past two years, China has also adopted a series of speed-up and fee-reduction measures such as the cancellation of roaming charges, and supported the construction of the world's largest 5G test field.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180813ee8d00006

##

Finance
China builds "soft power" to the world (economic situation in the middle of the year)
1961 words
4 August 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Recently, the first urban track in Hanoi, Vietnam, the Jiling-Hedong line transportation project successfully introduced external power supply, and the smooth opening is just around the corner. The urban rail transit project not only neutral country built building, design and construction also fully adopt Chinese standards. While in China there are standard in full swing construction of the light rail project in Kazakhstan's capital Astana, Tel Aviv, Israel Red Line light rail operation and maintenance of the project ...... With the accelerated pace of Chinese enterprises overseas construction, not only Zhong Jian made "hard effort" going The "soft power" of the country, China's standards, and China's services are also sailing to the sea, contributing to the construction of the world, especially the "Belt and Road".
Chinese engineering standards are being recognized and adopted by more and more countries
In international competition, output standards and mastery of standard discourse rights have always been the highest embodiment of corporate competitiveness. “Especially in the high value-added global competition, it is important to choose which standard to use. Mastering the standard is equivalent to mastering the rules of the game.” Zhao Yixin, president of the Urban Transport Research Branch of the China Urban Planning and Design Institute, believes that Chinese companies are currently “Going out” has gradually changed from labor-intensive, low-value-added labor output and construction general contracting to large-scale projects such as high-level, high-tech, high-value added value, and China’s engineering construction standards “going out” has become China. The higher pursuit of the enterprise.
The international influence and voice of China's engineering construction standards are increasing. The number of international standards proposed and led by China has increased year by year, especially in the fields of high-speed rail, nuclear power, communications, and automobiles. China has achieved a leap from following to leading in international standards. Zhao Yixin introduced that, in the case of high-speed rail technology, China and Europe have different technical standards for railway design. However, with the deepening of the work, technicians have found that Chinese standards are no less inferior to European standards. “And China’s railway construction practice has rich experience and standards. Practicality and applicability are stronger." China's vast construction, complex terrain, and climate change, China's engineering construction standards such as extreme cold, lack of oxygen, and wind and sand are being recognized and adopted by more and more countries.
China's engineering construction standards play an increasingly important supporting role in the construction of the “Belt and Road”. The Chinese industry standard “Super Capacitor Electric City Bus Power Supply System”, which is led by Shanghai enterprises, has been translated and implemented into Israeli national standards. After China’s digital TV standard became the international standard of the International Telecommunication Union, it has been adopted by Laos, Sri Lanka, Kyrgyzstan, etc. countries use, covering nearly two billion people in the world ...... '' along the way 'participating countries have a strong infrastructure demand, but also the relative lack of construction standards, it is Zhong Jian made, Chinese standard layout of the development, a good opportunity to show their talents "Zhao Yixin said.
China's engineering construction standards have also greatly promoted the development of related industries in China. For example, the Indonesian Surabaya-Maduola Strait Bridge, built by China Communications Construction Co., Ltd., has a total construction contract of US$195.8 million. Due to the adoption of Chinese standards, the total export of related products, equipment and materials in China has exceeded 550 million yuan. Great social and economic benefits. At the same time, China's engineering construction standards "going out" will largely drive the export and development of its horizontal related industries such as design and operation industries.
Zhao Yixin believes that in the future, we must continue to accelerate the pace of China's engineering construction standards "going out". At the same time, we will strengthen the construction of our own standards system, combine intellectual property rights with standards, and gradually establish a standard system that is perfect and reaches the world's advanced level.
Engineering consulting services escort Chinese companies to "go global"
"In recent years, China's foreign engineering contracting has maintained a medium-to-high-speed growth. In 2017, the total contracted project completed a turnover of 168.59 billion US dollars, and the newly signed contract amount was 265.28 billion US dollars, a year-on-year increase of 5.6% and 8.7% respectively. The engineering consulting enterprise is China. The general contracting of foreign projects and the 'One Belt and One Road' have participated in the national engineering construction and provided professional services and guarantees.” Zhang Xingwang, deputy secretary-general of the China Construction Engineering Cost Management Association, told reporters that if Chinese standards broaden the way for Chinese enterprises to “go global”, then China Engineering consulting "going out" was more Chinese enterprises into the international arena escort, also Zhong Jian made important "soft power."
“Chinese companies have to build bases in Angola. With tight time and high requirements, we have developed a full-process project management process with investment control as the main line, saving 10% of the investment on the basis of improving the project value. Budget. The final project passed the acceptance and received favorable comments from local owners.” The person in charge of Beijing Qiushi Engineering Management Co., Ltd. told the reporter.
Zhang Xingwang introduced that the engineering consultation covers the whole process of the project from project establishment to completion, and even includes consulting services after the operation and maintenance phase. In overseas engineering consulting, engineering consulting companies need to solve the problems of laws and regulations, policies, culture, social environment, economic technology and other aspects for Chinese enterprises to “go global”. For example, the project cost consulting service can do cost control in various stages or links of project planning, decision making, design, bidding, construction auditing, etc., so that the entrusting party “does spend less and do more”.
Nearly 60 engineering cost consulting companies in China have carried out international engineering consulting business, involving 74 countries, of which “One Belt and One Road” participated in 31 countries. Zhang Xingwang introduced that some engineering cost consulting companies have undertaken a number of international engineering cost and contract dispute handling services, providing effective services and guarantees for safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of Chinese investment and engineering contractors.
As China's overseas project investment is increasing and construction requirements are getting higher, China's engineering consulting services are also trying to adapt to the international market and continuously improve competitiveness. In terms of personnel training, it has gradually changed from the traditional technology type to the comprehensive type. The work content involves finance, business and law, and realizes the cultivation and promotion of compound talents. In terms of service scope, it extends from the traditional construction project implementation phase to the project life cycle. In terms of consulting technology, we have gradually developed from traditional consulting methods to intelligent digital technologies such as BIM (Building Information Model) for consultation. In terms of international organization exchanges, China Construction Engineering Cost Management Association officially joined the International Cost Management Association (ICEC) and the Asia Pacific Surveying Materials Association (PAQS) to build a communication platform for engineering cost consulting companies and cost engineers, and enhance China's international The right to speak in the engineering consulting industry.
"With the continuous development of the 'One Belt, One Road' construction, more domestic funds and production capacity will enter the international market, providing a broad space for China's engineering construction standards and China's engineering consulting services 'going out'." Zhang Xingwang said that the future will be carried out More internationalization strategies and basic research projects not only allow Chinese companies to “go out” better, but also strive to serve more foreign companies and launch the “soft power” brand of China's engineering consulting services.
People's Daily (August 04, 2018, 01 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180804ee8400051


##
People's venture capital
"Pseudo-intelligence", come to "true intelligence"
1584 words
24 April 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Recently, a commercial intelligent automatic cooking machine appeared on the scene of the Shanghai Stock Fair. The on-site staff used the machine to fry a variety of foods, which attracted the audience to taste.
"80s" Beijing citizen Mr. Liu recently renovated the house, in order to catch up with the trend, to install a smart home for the new home: smart TV, smart door lock that can be remotely controlled by mobile phone, smart air purifier with voice switch, Smart air conditioner... I would like to experience the convenience and comfort brought by “black technology”. After a while, he found that life is not so convenient, just from pressing a remote control and another remote control. Out of the phone, click on one software after another. "I feel like I'm being 'walked' by the concept." He spoke to reporters.
Rely on the concept of "walking the river"
The life scene of “smart home” is indeed embarrassing, and the “future concept” has also brought the market to the forefront and promoted the development of the entire industry chain. Traditional home appliance manufacturers such as Haier, Midea, Gree, TCL, etc. have been accelerating the intelligent transformation a few years ago. The emerging Internet companies Xiaomi, Alibaba and Jingdong have also launched a variety of smart home appliances or smart home platforms in an attempt to Occupy the entrance to a smart life. However, the performance of the entire market is not satisfactory. It seems that the products are still in the stage of “low IQ”, and the concept is difficult to land, and some even “pseudo-intelligence”.
"My smart door lock is a switch that uses a mobile phone to control the door. It was quite novel at first, but it was used later. I found it wrong. I went to the doorstep. I took out the phone and clicked the key to open the door. There is not much intelligence, and there is a risk of being cracked by hackers.” Mr. Liu also said that his TV and washing machine all have voice operation functions, but they cannot recognize his mother’s instructions. "Now the smart product gimmick is more than practical. At first, everyone is easily circumvented by the concept, but it is actually overdrafting the interest and confidence of consumers." Mr. Liu told reporters.
“Intelligence” is the trend of future products, and it has become the gimmick of merchant marketing. At this year's International Consumer Electronics Show, there were a lot of "eye-opening" products: a $5625 voice smart flush toilet, a $16,000 smart stacking robot, which claims to be able to operate all the intelligence in the home. Home smart speakers... Some netizens shouted: "Poverty limits my imagination."
Consumers are not so easy to be "fudged." Experts say that this kind of imaginary "pseudo-intellectual creation" is unlikely to impress users, and ultimately hurt the reputation of the entire industry and the confidence of consumers.
No standard is difficult to be compatible
Every smart home product needs to use the mobile phone software of its own brand manufacturer, which exposes the problem that the artificial intelligence standardization system is lagging or even missing. This has affected the application of technology and the industry chain, and has become a pain point in the industry.
According to the reporter, there are widespread inconsistencies in the current smart home appliances on the market. Each product has its own mobile client. Smart product manufacturers are fighting each other, and everyone wants to use their own technical standards and is unwilling to compromise. Like Haier's "U+" smart life platform has been well-designed and provided a standard interface through the international certification of information security system, but because other manufacturers are unwilling to cooperate, this platform is still an empty stage. "Integration" is scattered into separate battles.
True intelligence is clearly not the accumulation of intelligent hardware controlled by multiple mobile applications. If the so-called smart home appliances in a family adopt different standards and cannot be interconnected, then it is not the "Chinese wisdom" in the true sense. Some insiders analyzed that due to the lack of standardization system in the artificial intelligence industry, although the technological content of new artificial intelligence products continues to grow, it is difficult for brands to achieve interconnection and interoperability. Users cannot experience the convenience of intelligence, and it is urgent to formulate a unified specification.
At the same time, there is a lack of quantifiable implementation standards for the identification of “intelligence”. Take the current intelligent sweeping robots, although the national and industry standards for the performance testing methods of sweeping robots have been formulated in China, they are limited to the quality or not, and there is no quantitative requirement for the sample quality level. Many intelligent sweeping robots on the market have the functions of path planning, intelligence, ultrasonic, anti-drop, and sweeping. There are still big differences between the actual use effect and the claimed effect.
Use the ingenuity to mention "intelligence"
Dong Mingzhu, chairman of Gree Electric, once told such a story in Shenzhen. Once she went to South Africa, Brazil and other places to expand business, the other party told her that Gree air conditioning is good, but unfortunately it is "China's wisdom." Dong Mingzhu asked: "What happened to 'China's wisdom?'" The other party replied: "The quality of 'China's wisdom is not good."
In recent years, Chinese people have gathered to buy toilets and rice cookers in Japan. The huge domestic market and hundreds of billions of dollars of consumer funds have been lost to foreign countries. “What are our entrepreneurs going to? What are our responsibilities?” Dong Mingzhu said, “Everyone must have a craftsmanship, and we can create first-class products that can be recognized by this society and consumers. China Enterprises have core competitiveness."
The data shows that the market size of China's smart manufacturing equipment industry has exceeded 1.5 trillion yuan in 2017, and this number is still growing rapidly. In order to stand out in the global competition, we must master key technologies, improve the "intelligence" of products, and consolidate product quality.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has issued relevant policies and decided to focus on smart home appliances, wearable devices, industrial robots, high-end CNC machine tools, and large domestic aircraft to speed up the elimination of quality bottlenecks. When China's "black technology" becomes "real wisdom", it will have core competitiveness.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180424ee4o00001

##


National Office of Philosophy and Social Science Planning
Liu Xiaojing: The Chinese Road to Get Out of the Industrial Civilization of the New Era
1282 words
13 December 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Industry is an important foundation of a modern economic system, and industrial civilization is the basic civilization of modern economic and social development. The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China emphasized that speeding up the construction of a manufacturing power and accelerating the development of advanced manufacturing. This will certainly promote the quality transformation, efficiency change and dynamic change of China's economic development, and write a new chapter in industrial civilization.
Although the history of industrial civilization has only been more than 200 years old, the material wealth it has created and the social changes it has brought are incomparable to the sum of all generations. As an important birthplace of world civilization, ancient China has also bred the bud of industrial civilization. The "Four Inventions" and the achievements of porcelain, shipbuilding and navigation, Dujiangyan water conservancy project have been well-known worldwide. In modern times, due to the lack of support from industrial civilization, China has gradually fallen behind in the development of world civilization. After the founding of New China, especially since the reform and opening up, I Guojian established a complete range of industrial manufacturing systems, the concept of people thinking and behavior of profound change, socialist industrial civilization flourishing, created the "China miracle" to make the world praise. In a certain sense, it can be said that a new China's economic construction and reform and opening up history is a history of industrial civilization development.
It is undeniable that while industrial civilization creates enormous material wealth and promotes the rapid development of human society, it also brings a series of problems such as the ecological environment crisis. Faced with the new situation of the global new round of industrial revolution, the world's major countries are exploring new ways of industrial civilization, such as the United States to introduce "re-industrialization strategy", Germany proposed "Industry 4.0", Japan to implement "re-emergence strategy" ". Whether China can seize the opportunity and take advantage of the trend and catch up with Western industrial civilization in an all-round way depends mainly on whether it can implement the spirit of the central government, profoundly grasp the laws governing the development of industrial civilization, make up for the shortcomings, and step out of the Chinese road of industrial civilization in the new era.
The advantage is played. China's industrial civilization is nurtured and developed in the practice of socialism with Chinese characteristics, which is fundamentally different from the road of Western industrial civilization. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the Party Central Committee has focused on the new characteristics of economic and social development in the new era, proposed new development concepts, and implemented "Made in China 2025", which marked the formation of China's new era of industrial civilization. The development of China's industrial civilization should be based on the sustainable ecological environment, social justice and the active participation of the people. The pursuit is that the people's growing and better life needs to be continuously satisfied, the individual is fully developed, and the ecological environment is protected. The Chinese nation will continue to develop. Not only is the ideological concept leading, but China also has the world's largest manufacturing scale, a complete range of independent and complete industrial systems, a strong comprehensive supporting capacity, a large army of hundreds of thousands of high-quality laborers, in manned spaceflight, supercomputing, high-speed rail equipment, Communication technology and other fields are at the advanced level in the world. We must maintain and exert these advantages to further strengthen the backbone and support of the development of industrial civilization.
Parallel transcendence. In the long run, China's industrial advantages should not be based on low labor costs, but should give full play to comprehensive advantages, achieve multiple enhancements in innovation capability, quality level and human resource advantages, enrich and enhance the connotation and quality of industrial civilization, and continue to lead the world. The level is moving forward. At present, in the low-end and mid-end industries that are in line with the international level, we should focus on promoting concept innovation, technological innovation, and model innovation, researching and developing high-quality products with independent property rights and fine manufacturing, and actively participating in global competition to divide the international industry. The middle and high end advances. This is not only the way out for China's industrial manufacturing, but also an important way for the development of China's industrial civilization.
Catch up behind. Industrial manufacturing is not strong, lack of independent innovation, excessive pressure on resources and environment, and social integrity, craftsmanship, and entrepreneurship are not the shortcomings of China's industrial civilization. To fill the shortcomings and catch up with and lead the development of industrial civilization in the world as soon as possible, we must implement the new development concept, make great determination, and vigorously expand the advanced manufacturing industry, strategic emerging industries and modern service industries, and more consciously promote green development. Circulating development and low-carbon development; accelerating the construction of a strong country of science and technology and a country with high quality, further improving the intellectual property protection system, encouraging innovation and entrepreneurship, transforming old kinetic energy, and strengthening new kinetic energy; vigorously promoting artisan spirit, entrepreneurship and promoting a culture of integrity in the whole society, Form a social and cultural environment that is compatible with modern industrial civilization.
(Author: Chongqing Municipal Center for Theoretical Study socialist system with Chinese characteristics)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020171213edcd0003j

##


National Office of Philosophy and Social Science Planning
China's economic prospects are bright
1227 words
18 September 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Since the economic growth rate shift in China in 2012, the voice about the Chinese economy may fall into the "middle income trap" has sounded from time to time. China's per capita GDP reached 4,561 US dollars in 2010, entering the ranks of middle and high income countries; in 2016, it exceeded 8,000 US dollars, significantly exceeding the threshold of middle and high income countries, but there is still a gap from high-income countries. It can be said that China is currently in a critical period of moving from middle- and high-income countries to high-income countries. During this period, a correct understanding of the essence of the "middle income trap" and China's economic development prospects is of great significance for maintaining strategic strength, eliminating various interferences, and smoothly entering the ranks of high-income countries.
The essence of the "middle income trap" is that the development of middle-income countries may face some special difficulties.
The “middle income trap” was first proposed by the World Bank in the 2006 East Asia Economic Development Report. The report pointed out that the economic growth of middle-income countries is slower than that of poorer or richer countries. Later, the reference to the “middle income trap” received widespread attention from the political and academic circles.
In essence, the "middle income trap" is more of a statistical phenomenon than a rigorous academic concept. Its main implication is that a country's economy will face some special difficulties related to this stage of development after entering the middle income stage: Low-income countries do not have the advantage of low labor costs, and lack innovation and technological advantages compared with high-income countries, so they may be at a disadvantage in global competition. The specific problems can be summarized as three aspects: first, the rising labor costs, the decline of the international competitiveness of the low-end manufacturing industry that originally had advantages; second, the lack of innovation capacity, weakened development momentum; third, the increase in income inequality, Economic vitality has declined. If these problems are not handled well, they will hinder the development of middle-income countries and even cause them to stagnate in development for a long time.
China has the ability to successfully cross the "middle income trap"
The main argument that China will fall into the “middle income trap” is that from 1960 to 2008, only 13 of the 101 middle-income countries and regions successfully developed into high-income economies. But such a statistical result does not have a convincing explanatory power. Because it can explain that many middle-income countries suffer from the “middle income trap”, it also shows that not all middle-income countries are trapped in the “middle income trap”. Actions speak louder than words. China's economic growth has not only been at the forefront of the world's major economies for a long time, but also vigorously implemented innovation-driven development strategies in recent years, and adopted practical measures to narrow the income gap and maintain a stable and healthy economic development and social harmony and stability. This is clearly quite different from the stagnant state of development described in the “middle income trap”. In fact, both at the theoretical level and at the data level, both normative research and empirical research have shown that as long as it can maintain medium and long-term high-speed growth, China will inevitably enter the ranks of high-income countries.
The empirical analysis of cross-country comparison and econometrics shows that 4% of the medium- and long-term economic growth rate is enough to support China's entry into the ranks of high-income countries, and the actual growth rate of China's economy is much higher. China's economic growth rate has remained in the range of 6.7% to 6.9% for eight consecutive quarters. Most studies believe that China's annual economic growth rate of more than 6% can still be maintained in the next 10 years or even longer.
International comparative studies have shown that effective response to the special difficulties faced in the middle income stage and the smooth entry into the high-income stage require special conditions: stable government; market-oriented economic policies; high-quality human capital; maintaining openness to the outside world; turmoil. These conditions are obviously all in China.
It can be seen that there is not much suspense in China's successful entry into the ranks of high-income countries in the future. It is worth studying and paying attention to the time of entering the high-income stage. Maintaining rapid economic growth is the key to entering the high-income stage as early as possible. To this end, we should first create a good environment for economic development, and not for the "singing theory of singer". Secondly, we should constantly improve the socialist market economic system and provide a good institutional guarantee for long-term sustainable development. Once again, we should increase our independent innovation and increase the contribution rate of technological progress and total factor productivity. Finally, we should deepen opening up to the outside world and open up to promote reform and development.
(Author: Institute of Finance and Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170918ed9i0006u

##

Current affairs
Cyberspace "crazy and rushing" (5 years of hard work, China speed)
1414 words
23 August 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Nearly 3 million base stations and about 890 million users are the construction achievements of China's 4G communications as of the end of June this year. From the first batch of 4G licenses issued at the end of 2013, China has built the world's largest 4G network in about three and a half years. One of the biggest features of 4G and 3G is the super high speed. Generally speaking, the former is ten times or even dozens of times the latter. In terms of international network speed comparison, China's 4G network speed performance is remarkable. According to the global mobile network report released by mobile network service analysis company OpenSignal in August 2016, the average speed of China's mobile network has reached 18Mbps, surpassing the developed countries such as the United States. After experiencing the “2G follow-up” phase, China has achieved “3G breakthrough” and “4G synchronization”. Boosting the core elements of this historic leap is undoubtedly the spirit of innovation and the enterprising spirit of hard work. Relevant decision-making levels reviewed the situation and timely formulated and implemented policies to support communication technology research and development and industrial development. In August 2013, the State Council issued the “Broadband China Strategy and Implementation Plan”, which proposed the development goals, technical routes and construction schedules of China's broadband networks. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology then formulated relevant document requirements to accelerate the construction of fiber-to-the-home, promote the creation of “all-optical network cities”, improve the coverage of 4G networks, accelerate the development of 4G, optimize the performance of broadband networks, and increase the speed of broadband networks. Chinese information technology personnel have forgotten their work and worked hard to achieve not only a series of key 4G network equipment technology breakthroughs, but also proposed 4G systems (TD-
LTE) has won global competition and has become one of the two mainstream 4G international standards, making outstanding contributions to the development of mobile communications in the world. China's information industry, including several major telecom operators, has vigorously strengthened the construction of network infrastructure, upgraded telecommunications base stations, laid fiber-optic homes, and continuously improved the coverage of 4G networks. For example, according to China Mobile's 2017 interim results report, the company's total number of 4G base stations has exceeded 1.65 million, and high-definition voice call services have been launched in more than 310 cities. 4G has brought about major changes in social life. It has profoundly changed the way people live and interact in China. Whether in a bustling city or in a quiet country, people enjoy the convenience of high-speed information flow. At any time, online video communication can make people really get the sense of the world with a sense of distance and zero-distance interaction; mobile large movies accompany the entertainment, satisfying the entertainment needs of people in the modern society during fragmentation time; stereo navigation is supported by traffic big data It not only saves people's travel time, improves the efficiency of traffic, but also makes those "road idiot" drivers have more guts to walk the world. 4G further enhances the Internet's ability to transform and upgrade traditional industries. Under the support of high speed, "Internet +" not only makes revolutionary changes in traditional manufacturing, but also spawns many new formats. The Industrial Internet is a new round of industrial revolution that combines advanced computing, analysis, and sensing technologies through the Internet and industrial systems. The "Made in China 2025" is the Chinese version of this revolution. Since the State Council issued relevant documents in May 2015, a number of intelligent factories and digital workshops have been completed since the system was deployed. The penetration rate of digital R&D and design tools in key industries and the networking rate of digital production equipment have been significantly improved. Personalized customization and collaborative R&D and manufacturing are fast. Rise. "3D printing" manufacturing, the unmanned "black light workshop" has become a popular hot word describing modern industry. Wide coverage, full penetration, high speed 4G network has enabled a large number of mobile video production and broadcast cultural companies to rise rapidly; for the majority of video game fans, mobile online games have evolved from the end of the 3G network era to everyday Mainstream. With the leaps and bounds of popular online cars and shared bicycles in these years, the “sharing economy” of the 4G era has gathered from the trickle of the rivers into a rushing river. "The future has come, and it has not changed." "The life of the new" is the nature of network technology. At the time of China's 4G development, the 5G experimental technology has already arrived, and its transmission speed will be greatly improved on the basis of 4G, and the peak transmission speed can be increased to 20Gbp per second. s, can achieve the ultimate state of human communication, fundamentally meet the communication needs between things, provide preconditions for the application of IoT technology such as smart city, environmental monitoring, intelligent agriculture. 5G lays the foundation for areas with extremely high index requirements for delay and reliability, such as vehicle networking and industrial control. It is worthy of pride that thanks to the support of major national science and technology projects such as the “973” and “863” programs and the efforts of the information industry, China has become a world-leading leader in the 5G field, and the polar code proposed by Huawei. The program has become a 5G international standard code solution. There is no end to scientific and technological progress, and the flow of information in the cyberspace is accelerating. In the era of new information revolutions in a thousand miles, China has stood out.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170823ed8n0008i

##
People's Daily Famous Writer: Let G20 continue to lead the world
1184 words
7 July 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
China's efforts will certainly provide new impetus to the recovery and growth of the global economy and open up a new path for the future of the new global governance system.
?
On July 7, the 2017 G20 Summit opened in Hamburg, Germany. Whether the summit will continue to lead the world economy to a strong, sustainable and balanced growth after the G20 Hangzhou Summit, whether the "China Imprint" can continue to have a major impact on the G20 and global governance, these issues deserve special attention.
Over the past century, the concept and practice of global governance have been deepened, the scope of global governance has been expanding, the subject has become increasingly diverse, and the mechanism has continued to evolve. At the same time, however, the global governance mechanism has also faced severe challenges in the past two years. The world economy is low and trade and investment are sluggish. Europe was deeply affected by the refugee crisis, and the political elections in the election year were turbulent. Anti-globalization and trade protectionism have once again swept the world, and populism has intensified. The complexity and uncertainty of the global economic outlook are increasingly prominent, with anxiety and expectations mixed, challenges and opportunities coexisting.
In this context, as the premier forum for international economic cooperation, the G20 summit held in Hangzhou in 2016 clearly stated that “building a world economy with innovation, vitality, linkage and tolerance” and launched “Chinese prescriptions for global economic diseases”. ". In December 2016, Germany took over the presidency of China's G20, and established the theme of the summit as “Shaping the Linked World”. And 2017 will become an important moment for the continuous transformation of the world economy and the transformation of global growth momentum, and will also become an important node in the history of G20 development. How to further promote the sustainable development of the global economy under the G20 mechanism is a question worth pondering.
The G20 should be the “shock absorber” for global risk prevention. The G20 summit mechanism is playing an increasingly important role in the response to the 2008 international financial crisis. However, in the past two years, the world economy has faced a new round of cold spells, and major economies have begun to sweep the snow. On the one hand, the trend of monetary policy that the major central banks deviate has brought uncertainty to the future development of the world monetary system. On the other hand, the global competition, such as the US and Europe, with tax policy as the starting point is becoming increasingly hot. The risk factors of the global economy continue to accumulate. It is necessary to strengthen cooperation among countries through the G20, face the world economic diseases with a more open attitude, and break the global imbalance of development problems in a coordinated and cooperative mode.
The G20 should be the “power source” for global sustainable development. To solve the problem of global governance, we must face the problem of “development vacancy” in the world economy today, and the rebalancing of global economic governance requires sustainable, inclusive and interconnected development. To achieve sustainable development of the world economy, we can build a world innovation system under the G20 mechanism and promote global economic governance cooperation. Global cooperation in realizing global innovation and R&D capabilities and the ability to transform each other from product to market in real economy innovation. Strengthen the innovation main body, innovation power, innovative product sales market and interaction between various entities to inject new growth momentum into the world economy.
The G20 should be the “total hub” of the global governance system. Through the top-level design, we will gradually establish a normalized coordination network, pay attention to the docking with multilateral cooperation mechanisms such as “BRIC countries”, and make “Golden Brick” and other mechanisms become the co-bearers of the G20 policy. At the same time, under the G20 mechanism, it is possible to promote the docking of the “One Belt, One Road” cooperation initiative, and integrate the “Belt and Road” issue into the cooperation scope of the G20, providing a broader perspective and strong G20 process on a global scale. Motivation makes the G20 the “center” of the global governance system.
At present, the world economy faces many challenges, and China has turned to a pioneer, contributor and leader in the new era of global governance. Under such circumstances, we should continue to promote reform and innovation of institutional mechanisms, dig deep into the global governance system, and participate in global governance. China's efforts will certainly provide new impetus for the recovery and growth of the global economy, let the world gradually step out of the economic low growth, and open up a new path for the future of the new global governance system.
(The author is the president of the People's University of China)
People's Daily (July 07, 2017 05 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170707ed770004g


##

Australian New Channel
Former Australian Prime Minister: China injects new impetus into globalization
959 words
23 March 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
On March 20th, former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd attended a lecture at the Central Institute of Socialism (Chinese Culture Institute).
China should play a more important role
Rudd believes that the world today is at a "historical turning point" and that the Western world has encountered severe challenges in the social contract, scientific and technological progress and political fields. The financial crisis triggered by capital indulgence and lack of effective supervision is exposing capitalism to “alienation”, which leads to conservatism and counter-globalization.
Rudd actively called on China to play a more important role on the world stage. He pointed out that at a time when globalization is facing the challenge of populism, China's voice and proposition will inject new impetus into globalization.
Rudd believes that the future of globalization is to establish a new social contract under this framework. “With global trade and investment, people’s living standards have improved. But such improvements are not balanced. So we need a social contract to take care of those who are negatively affected by globalization.” He pointed out that Solutions are provided from three aspects: first, universal access to quality education, followed by universal access to quality health care, and third, full social security for all.
On the development of Sino-US relations, Rudd believes that the current development of Sino-US relations faces important opportunities. Chinese national leader Xi Jinping "has a profound understanding of China's national conditions and world history, and has extensive experience in dealing with complex issues with leaders. His wisdom and experience have helped promote Sino-US relations and are committed to building a new type of relationship between big powers."
Entrepreneurship attracts Chinese people
In the exchanges of the day, Rudd also quoted Deng Xiaoping’s famous phrase “regardless of black cats and white cats, catching mice is a good cat” to explain the point of view.
"My first visit to China was in 1984. For more than 30 years, as a sinologist, a member of parliament, a foreign minister, etc., I have come to China more than 100 times," Lu Kewen said.
In an interview in early March, Lu Kewen said that with a large number of large Chinese companies with international perspectives participating in global competition, he saw the new growth momentum brought about by China's innovation.
"We really want to know who will be the next Ma Yun, how many new companies have grown up. I feel that entrepreneurship has been internalized in the Chinese," Rudd said.
Kevin Rudd said that he spent five years studying Confucian classics at university. In his view, Confucianism emphasizes the importance of tradition in Chinese cultural traditions. A perfect society means keeping in mind the classics of the past to improve social cohesion.
"One Belt, One Road" to pass on China's experience
Rudd believes that the “Belt and Road” is not only good for the Chinese economy, but also good for the world economy.
Kevin Rudd said that in some developing countries, the economic infrastructure of ports and electricity is insufficient. In this regard, China's experience is very helpful. In Central Asia, South Asia, Southeast Asia, West Asia and other regions, the “One Belt, One Road” initiatives, including investment in finance and infrastructure, are good measures to solve development problems and can make greater contributions to the world’s economic development. .
“In the 1980s and 1990s, whether in big cities or small cities, the Chinese government always first made good infrastructure such as highways, railways, power generation, and communications. On this basis, other economic activities could be carried out smoothly. Experience is very beneficial in the process of 'Belt and Road' promotion," Rudd said. (Reporter Ye Xiaonan)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170323ed3n00002


##




International
Promoting enterprise innovation has become an important way for G20 countries to achieve innovation-driven development
1053 words
25 August 2016
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
People, Beijing, August 25 (Reporter often red) fourth national innovation competitiveness of the Group of Twenty Orange Book " Group of Twenty (G20) developing a national innovation competitiveness report (2015 - 2016)" recently by the social science literature Published by the publishing house, the Yellow Book has specially opened up a “special analysis report”, focusing on the in-depth analysis of corporate innovation issues in the G20 countries.
The report believes that in the critical period of global economic growth, the G20 should be duty-bound to shoulder the heavy responsibility of achieving steady growth in the world economy. G20 countries must promote structural adjustment, encourage innovation, and create new economic growth points to drive the global economy to healthy and sustainable growth. Enterprises are the main source of vitality for innovation and the main carrier for the G20 countries to cultivate new impetus for economic growth. Therefore, promoting enterprise innovation has become an important way for G20 countries to achieve innovation-driven development. At present, G20 countries actively promote enterprises to innovate through strategic orientation, policy guidance and investment, giving play to the main role of enterprises and scientific research institutions, strengthening intellectual property protection, and cultivating innovative talents. Through technological innovation, organizational innovation, production innovation, process innovation, market innovation, institutional innovation, management innovation, etc., the company has continuously improved its innovation capability, and has achieved fruitful innovations and promoted the upgrading of the industry, making the G20 countries fierce. The market competition has maintained a significant competitive advantage.
However, G20 countries also face many difficulties and obstacles in innovation. First of all, the competitive pressure of globalization has brought unprecedented pressure on innovation. In the context of globalization, companies can only gain a foothold in the international market if they constantly innovate their core technologies. In recent years, with the intensification of global competitive pressures, the company's technology replacement time has been shortened, and the speed of innovation accelerated year by year has made the company's innovation pressure unprecedented. Second, political intervention has hindered global joint collaborative innovation and limited the ability of enterprises to innovate. Due to international economic order, geopolitics and other reasons, there is a lack of political mutual trust among G20 countries. In some countries, there has even been a political intervention in corporate innovation cooperation, limiting the phenomenon of the flow of innovation elements in the international arena. This behavior not only hinders the improvement of the company's ability to innovate, but also limits the "win-win" innovation and cooperation between countries. Third, the inefficiency of innovation results has reduced the potential for innovation. In order to encourage enterprises to innovate rapidly and increase innovation results, some countries have introduced unreasonable guiding policies. These policies have often played a role in fostering seedlings, resulting in a disconnect between scientific and technological achievements and market demand, which has limited the transformation of innovation results. Finally, the unfavorable innovation environment constrains the vitality of corporate innovation. Due to the risk of innovation, companies are more conservative about innovation in the face of economic downturns. In addition, in some countries of the G20, the status quo of intellectual property protection is still not optimistic, resulting in a significant reduction in the innovation power of enterprises.
However, it is foreseeable that the G20 countries will pay more and more attention to corporate innovation, and the pace of joint innovation and cooperation among enterprises will be further accelerated. In addition, SMEs are gradually becoming a powerful force for innovation in the G20 countries. Independent innovation combined with information promotion will become an important way for enterprises to improve their innovation efficiency. In response to the above-mentioned innovation trends of G20 countries, China should take further measures to promote enterprise innovation. By creating a good innovation ecosystem, activating the innovation vitality of the enterprise; enhancing the innovation efficiency of the enterprise by clarifying the status of the main body of innovation; promoting a complete chain of innovation by promoting joint innovation; and enhancing the autonomy of the enterprise by transforming the concept of innovation Creativity.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020160825ec8p0004a



##


Media
China's Internet companies "going out to sea" are the key to the core competitiveness of the windward period
1850 words
14 April 2016
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Search for information through multilingual Baidu, use Alibaba's AliExpress network to shop globally, open Tencent WeChat and chat with family and friends on the other side of the globe... Today, China's Internet giants want to move these scenes in China's online life to Earth Every corner.
In fact, more Internet companies have already done this: Chinese companies accounted for 6 seats in the top 10 global list of mobile phone apps, and 4 of the top 10 global mobile game revenue lists. It is a Chinese company. Beyond traditional manufacturing companies, Internet companies are gradually becoming the new main force for Chinese companies to “go global”.
Experts said that in the process of "going out to sea" by Chinese Internet companies, the vastness and uncertainty of overseas markets coexist, and how to avoid it is an urgent issue to consider.
Collectively speeding up the sea
Launched the Portuguese-language website navigation site four years ago in Brazil to build a Portuguese-language search engine, launching the “A-language Developer Platform” in Egypt at the beginning of this year, and recently announced the launch of overseas map services in 11 hot countries in the Asia-Pacific region. , Baidu's pace of internationalization can be described as "hoof disease and steady step." Data shows that in 2015, Baidu's mobile products have covered more than 200 countries and regions around the world, with a cumulative total of 850 million users.
Coincidentally, Alibaba, which has been arrogantly "born for the world", has also done well in overseas overseas in recent years. Tmall International, a group of its group, has opened 13 national pavilions, with more than 5,400 overseas brands from 53 countries and regions in the world, making it a new channel for global retail giants to enter the Chinese market. The AliExpress business, which went online six years ago, has sold Chinese goods to the world. According to statistics, active buyers on AliExpress are spread across more than 220 countries and regions around the world. In addition, Alibaba Cloud, which has invested tens of billions of dollars, is also accelerating the occupation of the overseas public cloud computing market. As of the end of 2015, Alibaba's overseas investment reached US$12 billion in five years.
Tencent will use WeChat as the "gold medal" for the sea. Four years ago, WeChat released the English version, and then quickly swept through Southeast Asia. Today, it covers more than 200 countries and regions, with 697 million users and more than 20 languages.
China's Internet giants have already opened up a world of overseas, and small and medium-sized Internet companies such as Cheetah and APUS have also "goed out of the wall." Mobile tool developer Cheetah Mobile’s previously released financial report shows that in the fourth quarter of 2015, Cheetah’s mobilerevenue accounted for 50% of overseas revenue, and the mobile terminal’s monthly active user scale was 635 million. 78.6% of mobile monthly active users came from overseas markets. .
There are "three axes" in the sea.
Why do these Internet companies want to be a contemporary "Zheng He"? In fact, the reason is very simple.
For the Chinese Internet giants, the domestic market share is already high enough; and many small and medium-sized Internet companies have been unable to compete in the increasingly fierce domestic competition. In addition, the vastness of the overseas market is what everyone is looking at. The data shows that there are 800 million Internet users in the domestic market, but there are 2.5 billion users in the overseas market. Some media even assert that "most emerging countries in the overseas Internet market are two to five years behind China."
At present, the overseas strategies of Chinese Internet companies are roughly divided into three categories. One is mergers and acquisitions. In the past few years, Internet companies such as Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent, and Ctrip have made numerous mergers and acquisitions overseas. For example, in 2014, Baidu low-key acquisition of a local group buying website in Brazil, while copying business models such as catering and film purchases to Brazil. Cross-border e-commerce “Vipshop” has acquired channel resources in Southeast Asia, Russia, and the United States through overseas mergers and acquisitions, and operates and supplies Chinese products under local corporate brands. The second is to sell products. Interestingly, many local games and mobile Internet tools are being used by domestic mobile phone manufacturers such as Xiaomi and Huawei to pre-install and distribute applications, such as WeChat, after relying on the international application market such as Apple App Store. Take the group out to sea." The third is an alliance. Working with foreign partners, setting up branches and recruiting talents overseas is a common practice for cross-border e-commerce companies such as Alibaba and JD.
Core competitiveness is the key
Some media predict that with the solidification of the domestic Internet, especially the mobile Internet, China's Internet companies will become a new enthusiasm for the industry in the next few years.
The problem is that regardless of political form, legal rules, social culture, language environment, industrial base, user habits, and spending power, the overseas market environment is very different from the domestic market. At this stage, China's “going out” Internet companies are internationalizing users (over 50% of overseas users), internationalizing revenues (more than 50% of overseas revenues), and brand internationalization (brands are established among overseas users) There are different degrees of shortcomings in terms of popularity and reputation.
According to the analysis, after experiencing the expansion period of “going out to sea”, some domestic Internet companies that have gradually entered the “deep water zone” have already felt the pressure and challenges. Practice shows that it is easier for Chinese Internet companies to enter emerging countries and regions such as India and Malaysia, and it is more difficult to enter Europe and the United States. Our reporter had previously heard in the Toronto area of ??Canada that WeChat was mainly promoted by local Chinese and overseas Chinese. The social and communication of foreigners is still dominated by Whatsapp and Facebook .
There are many problems involved in this. For example, the localization of language requires a comprehensive consideration of the local language environment and even the display style; for example, user privacy protection, many overseas users are “one-vote veto”; for example, cultural taboos and legal restrictions, each country has its own Culture, religion, and legal exclusion zones, if these problems go wrong, are likely to lead to an excellent product "accidental death"; for example, localized operations, there are currently a handful of Chinese Internet companies looking for localized R&D and operations teams overseas.
Of course, there is a more important point. For various reasons, the overseas strategy of Chinese Internet companies in recent years is still based on “follow-and-run” and has not made a good product that can replace foreign competitors, especially like R&D. Core competencies such as the Android operating system and the WINDOWS operating system are still missing.
In general, after years of domestic “fights”, Chinese Internet companies have become more competitive, innovative and localized, which gives them more opportunities in the future global competition. It should be said that as long as the products and services are good enough, Chinese Internet companies can finally find their own world. (Peng Xunwen)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020160414ec4e00006


##



theory
Chen Wenhui: Sending a Chinese voice in the formulation of international rules
2762 words
1 April 2015
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Comrade Xi Jinping pointed out during the collective study of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee on December 5 last year, "We cannot be a bystander or follower, but we must be participants and leaders, and be good at building our international competitiveness through the construction of a free trade zone. In the formulation of rules, more Chinese voices will be issued, more Chinese elements will be injected, and China's development interests will be safeguarded and expanded.” Financial supervisors should conscientiously study and implement the spirit of this important speech, actively voice China and participate in the formulation of international financial regulatory rules. In the past, we were basically followers of international financial regulatory rules, passively accepting international rules dominated by developed countries in Europe and the United States. In 2012, the China Insurance Regulatory Commission launched the “China Risk-Oriented Solvency System” (ie China’s second-generation solvency supervision system, referred to as “second-generation”), which was completed and released in three years. A total of 17 regulatory rules have basically established a new generation of insurance solvency supervision system with independent intellectual property rights and international comparability, and issued a Chinese voice in the formulation of international insurance regulatory rules.
International insurance regulatory rules are in a critical period
The solvency regulation of the insurance industry is similar to the supervision of the capital adequacy ratio of the banking industry. It is the core of modern insurance supervision by setting capital requirements to prevent and resolve various risks. Unlike the banking industry that has formed an internationally recognized capital regulation rule, international insurance regulatory rules are still in the process of being formed. Especially after the international financial crisis, the international community has accelerated the process of financial regulatory reform and the unification of global rules. The G20 (G20) promoted the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) to accelerate the development of international insurance regulatory rules through the Financial Stability Board (FSB). In this context, the International Association of Insurance Supervisors has done three main tasks: first, to revise the core principles of insurance supervision (ICPs); second, to assess the global systemically important insurance institutions (G-SII) and to study and formulate relevant The capital supervision requirements are planned to be completed by 2019. The third is to study and formulate the Global Capital Supervision Standard (ICS) for the International Active Insurance Group (IAIG), which is planned to be launched in 2016. It can be seen that the current period is the key period for the formation of international insurance regulatory rules.
International insurance regulatory rules have a major impact on the development of China's insurance industry. As the earliest open and highly open financial sector in China, the insurance industry has maintained rapid development and strength in the past decade. China has become the third largest insurance market in the world, and its internationalization level has been continuously improved. In 2013, Ping An Insurance Group of China was named the world's first systemically important insurance institution by the International Association of Insurance Supervisors and is the only insurance group from developing countries. Chinese insurance companies are heading for the world and are beginning to face complex and fierce international competition and protect China's overseas interests. In international financial competition, international rules are the commanding heights. We must seize every opportunity in the formulation of international insurance regulatory rules, issue Chinese voices in international rules, explain Chinese stories, inject Chinese elements, and safeguard and develop the national interests of China's financial and insurance industry.
Advance China's insurance solvency supervision reform
In recent years, the China Insurance Regulatory Commission has continued to promote the market-oriented reform of insurance regulation, and has made efforts to make the market play a decisive role in resource allocation. We will adopt reform measures such as reducing ex ante administrative licenses and continue to “open the front end” so that market players can enjoy greater autonomy in operation and investment, and enhance the endogenous driving force for innovation and development of the insurance industry. Thanks to the release of the market-oriented reform dividend, the premium income of the insurance industry exceeded 2 trillion yuan in 2014, the total assets exceeded 10 trillion yuan, and the investment yield rate reached 6.3%. All key indicators hit the best level in 5 years.
It should be noted that the difficulty in the market-oriented reform of the financial and insurance industry is not to "open the front end", but to "manage the back end" and effectively guard against the bottom line of risk prevention. Solvency supervision is the core tool for national insurance supervision to “manage the back end”. China's current solvency supervision system (hereinafter referred to as “reimbursement generation”) was formed in 2003 and played an active role in promoting the insurance industry to establish a capital constraint concept and prevent and mitigate risks. However, the scale of compensation for the first generation is not comprehensive enough. The parameters are copied to foreign standards. It is impossible to scientifically identify and comprehensively reflect the risk status of insurance companies in China. It has been difficult to adapt to the objective requirements of the reform and development of the insurance industry under the new normal of economic development. As a regulatory system that China has completely developed independently in the field of financial supervision, the second generation has three basic characteristics: risk-oriented, in line with national conditions and internationally comparable.
Risk oriented. The second generation adopted the “three pillars” regulatory framework, including the first pillar quantitative regulatory requirements, the second pillar qualitative regulatory requirements and the third pillar market constraint mechanism. Reimbursing the second generation of comprehensive coverage risks, more scientifically identifying and measuring risks, more sensitive to risk response, and strengthening the requirements for risk management. For companies with high risks, the capital requirements will be raised accordingly; for companies with poor risk management capabilities, capital requirements will also be high, prompting insurance companies to improve their risk management.
In line with national conditions. Based on the reality of China, the second generation pays a measurement method suitable for China's financial market, pays attention to the operability of rules, and reduces the implementation cost of regulatory rules. The technical parameters and standards of the second generation are based on the actual data of China's insurance industry for nearly 20 years, which truly reflects the risk situation of China's insurance industry and reflects the applicability of the new rules to the Chinese market. At the same time, in view of the fact that China's insurance market is developing rapidly and the risk pattern is changing rapidly, the necessary interfaces are reserved, and the continuous maintenance and regular updating mechanism of technical parameters is established to enhance the adaptability and dynamics.
Internationally comparable. In terms of regulatory concepts, the second-generation risk-oriented regulatory concept is fully consistent with the internationally representative financial regulatory models such as European Solvency II, US venture capital, and the Basel Capital Accord. In terms of the regulatory framework, the second generation adopts the internationally accepted three-pillar framework, which is in line with the trend of international capital regulation reform. In terms of regulatory standards, the second generation employs advanced stochastic models to measure risks, implements capital grading, broadens capital replenishment channels, and enriches capital instruments. Repaying the second generation is in line with the direction and trend of international regulatory development, reflecting the characteristics of emerging markets, and is different and comparable to the standards of mature markets such as Europe and the United States.
Improve China's influence in the formulation of international insurance regulatory rules
China's rapid and efficient completion of the second generation of construction has aroused the attention and positive evaluation of the international community. The influence of the second generation on the development of international markets and international insurance regulatory rules has gradually emerged.
With the promotion of the second generation of construction and the introduction of regulatory rules, overseas insurance regulatory agencies and international insurance supervisors associations and other international organizations have contacted the China Insurance Regulatory Commission, hoping to further study China's second generation. They generally believe that China's second-generation regulatory concept, overall framework and technical methods are in line with international development trends and are at the forefront of the international arena, reflecting the characteristics of emerging markets. Carl Van Hull, known as the "Father of European Solvency II", believes that "China's second generation is a system of solvency supervision systems that are compatible with European Solvency II"; David, President of the Association of Actuaries of the UK Hale believes that the second generation of China's reimbursement reflects the risk-oriented principle and is of great significance to the development of China's insurance industry. The Swiss Reinsurance Group publishes a second-generation research special issue and holds the China Second Generation International Symposium at the Swiss Global Dialogue Center. Peng Kailu, a member of the Executive Committee, believes that "China's second generation is obviously not an imitation of US risk-based capital and European Solvency II, but China's own solvency supervision system, which truly reflects the characteristics of the Chinese market and can become Europe and the United States. The juxtaposed regulatory system is a model for the solvency supervision model of emerging market countries."
The second generation of compensation not only received the attention of the international community, but also gradually exerted influence on the international market. For example, the second generation of reforms and the improvement of China's regulatory rules for international reinsurance business, insurance companies must consider the corresponding credit risk costs when separating reinsurance business from abroad. The new rules have changed the status quo of the lack of effective supervision of overseas reinsurance companies in China, and prompted overseas reinsurers to adjust their business models in accordance with the new rules of China's second generation. The new rules can promote fair competition between domestic reinsurance institutions and overseas reinsurance institutions, and help China to build an international reinsurance center, reflecting the guiding role of China's regulatory rules on international capital and global competition.
This year, the China Insurance Regulatory Commission will further increase its participation in the international promotion of new rules and the participation of international rules. First, in the international promotion and promotion of China's second generation. The China Insurance Regulatory Commission will increase exchanges with European, US, Asian regulators and international insurance supervisors. At the same time, through the professional associations such as the China Association of Actuaries and the China Insurance Asset Management Association, it will promote the second generation in various professional fields. And promotion. Second, continue to promote the equivalent evaluation of solvency supervision with overseas regulatory agencies, and improve the quality and level of China's opening up through equivalent evaluation. Third, actively participate in the formulation of international regulatory rules, focusing on the global systemically important insurance institutions' regulatory rules and global capital supervision standards that the International Association of Insurance Supervisors is promoting, and actively reflecting China's second-generation technology and experience and emerging market demands. We will make good use of the Chinese story in the formulation of international rules, and actively promote the establishment of fair, just and reasonable international financial regulatory rules, and safeguard the security interests and development interests of emerging market economies including China.
(The author is the vice chairman of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020150401eb4100022

##



theory
Chapter 7 Comparison of Governance Performance between China and the United States
1129 words
25 August 2014
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2014. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Our national governance system and governance capacity are generally good, have unique advantages, and are adapted to China's national conditions and development requirements. At the same time, we still have a lot of areas for improvement in the national governance system and governance capacity, and we need to work harder to improve our national governance capabilities.
——Xi Jinping (2014)
In the context of economic globalization, national competition is essentially a national governance capability competition, while national governance capability competition is essentially a national institutional competition. The rule of competition is: if you don’t advance, you will retreat. I call it simple truth. It can be argued that in global competition, Chinese leaders are the first to recognize this simple truth. In 2002, the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China clearly stated: "The situation is compelling, and if it does not advance, it will retreat." Based on this, China has shown great competitive advantages, especially institutional advantages, over the past decade.
Specifically, can national governance performance be compared internationally? How do we understand China's institutional advantages from the perspective of political system and state governance?
In this regard, I also conducted a special international comparative study to "know ourselves and know each other" through international comparisons, especially in comparison with the governance performance of developed countries. In fact, you can't know yourself without knowing each other. This requires specialization and an international comparison of quantitative analysis.
Compared with the most developed and modernized US and European Union in the world, China has the best performance in national governance and the strongest national governance capability. It is really better than not knowing it. This shows China's unique institutional innovation and also shows China's unique institutional advantages. This is why we need to make international comparisons and break the long-term "blind superstition" of the West. We need to "put down the burden and start the machine" and also need to "liberate our minds and seek truth from facts." When we study the West, we are not toddlers. We only imitate others. We have not only learned the skills, but have forgotten what we have, but we have to "go to the top" and "late to the top" and to surpass the West on the road to modernization. .
In February 2014, Comrade Xi Jinping made an important speech on the opening ceremony of the seminar on the comprehensive reform of the spirit of the Third Plenary Session of the Third Plenary Session of the Party at the provincial and ministerial level, and made a basic judgment on China's national governance system and governance capacity. . He pointed out that our national governance system and governance capacity are generally good, have unique advantages, and are adapted to China's national conditions and development requirements. At the same time, we still have a lot of areas for improvement in the national governance system and governance capacity, and we need to work harder to improve our national governance capabilities. He demanded: It must be a comprehensive system of reform and improvement, a linkage and integration of reforms and improvements in various fields, and an overall effect and overall effect in the modernization of the national governance system and governance capacity.
In order to be able to deeply understand and deeply understand Comrade Xi Jinping's important speech, it is necessary for us to understand the following questions from the perspective of international comparison: What is state governance? How to measure the performance of a country's governance? How to make an international comparison? How to understand the unique advantages of China's national system and governance capabilities? How to form an overall effect and achieve overall results in the national governance system and governance modernization? In this regard, this chapter focuses on the quantitative analysis and international comparison of national governance performance between China and the United States, and answers the above questions.
This chapter is divided into three parts: The first part is a quantitative analysis of the governance performance of China and the United States from 2000 to 2012. The results show that whether the Republican President George W. Bush's administration period (2001-2008) or the Democratic Party President Obama's administration period (2009-2012), US government governance performance is obviously inferior to the Chinese government. The second part is a general description of the fundamental differences between the Chinese and American governance systems, namely the political system and the political party system. The third part is a brief summary of China's governance performance than the United States. From the perspective of institutional vitality, it emphasizes the establishment of "China's self-awareness" and "China's self-confidence" and breaks "American superstition."
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020140825ea8p000a9
##

(Xinhua's all-industry headlines) chasing dreams "integration" Running again and starting - the new progress in the integration of the Yangtze River Delta
He Xinrong
2647 words
27 January 2019
12:43 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) 2019 Xinhua News Agency, Inc. All rights reserved. Downloading without permission is prohibited.
++
?
?Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, January 27th: The dream of "integration"
Starting running again - the Yangtze River Delta integration of new progress observed ??Xinhua News Agency reporters Shihua high-speed rail the most memory Hangzhou yellow. It connects seven 5A-level scenic spots in Zhejiang and Fujian, and is known as the “most beautiful high-speed rail”. It is the first spring festival in late January. From the "Huihang Ancient Road" a hundred years ago, to the Hangzhou-Hangzhou high-speed railway. The speed of the wind and power, confirms the heat of regional coordinated development. The channel is smoother, the platform is wider, the industry chain is deeper, and the global competitiveness is stronger. Since 2018, a series of new layouts have been flying in the corner of Changsan, and a series of new changes have been unveiled in the three provinces and one city. Pull up the Yangtze River Economic Belt, connect the world stage, dream catchers in the Yangtze River Delta, and run hard on the road of higher quality integration. (Subheading) The institutions and platforms with the "Yangtze River Delta" imprint have more integrated development steps. The first working day in 2019, a group of newly formed institutional departments in Jiaxing City, Zhejiang Province have been listed. Among them, the signboard of the "Jiaxing City Yangtze River Delta Integration Development Office" is particularly eye-catching. Open the road to break the road, plan intercity rail transit, and build a large platform for large projects... Since the establishment of Zhejiang Province in 2017, it has been fully integrated with the Shanghai Demonstration Zone. Jiaxing has been active in regional coordination development. In November 2018, the integration of the Yangtze River Delta developed into a national strategy. Jiaxing's integration into Shanghai and the integration of the Yangtze River Delta strategy was once again pressed by the "fast forward button." "The newly established office will play the role of 'planner', 'small store two' and 'quick pioneer', and seize the national strategic opportunity in the process of integration of the Yangtze River Delta." Zhu Xuejun, director of the Jiaxing Long Triangle Integration Development Office said . A look at the whole picture. The change of Jiaxing is the epitome of the development of the integration of the Yangtze River Delta. -- The cooperation mechanism is more mature. At the beginning of 2018, the Yangtze River Delta Regional Cooperation Office was established in Shanghai, and 17 provinces and one city will draw 17 elite soldiers to concentrate on office. The establishment of the Regional Cooperation Office is a new step in the Yangtze River Delta's decision-making, coordination and implementation of the "three-level operation" mechanism. "Integrated development is first of all to break down barriers to ideas." Jiangsu Provincial Development and Reform CommissionLuo Weiguang, deputy director of the Basic Industry Division, said. Although the staff of the three provinces and one city will "argue" in the cooperation office, the process of quarreling is also a process of bridging differences and reaching consensus. "Face-to-face" communication has greatly improved coordination efficiency. - The cooperation carrier is more abundant. Shanghai International Group initiated the establishment of the “Yangtze River Delta Synergies Industry Fund”, and the three provinces and one city signed the “Promotion of the Yangtze River Delta 5G Innovation and Development Alliance”. Shanghai Jiading District jointly organized the “First Yangtze River Delta Technology Exchange Expo” with Suzhou, Jiangsu and Wenzhou, Zhejiang... ... From investment, science and technology to public service, a series of cooperation platforms with the "Yangtze River Delta" mark are constantly emerging. "The characteristics of the Yangtze River Delta integration are to combine top-down and bottom-up. These market-oriented platforms will provide strong support for integrated development." Deputy Director of the Shanghai Development and Reform Commission and the Standing Office of the Yangtze River Delta Regional Cooperation Office Deputy Director Yan Qing said. - The promotion measures are more powerful. The main leaders of the three provinces and one city in the Yangtze River Delta held in mid-2018 announced the "Three-Year Action Plan for the Development of the Yangtze River Delta." From transportation energy to credit and environmental protection, the three-year action plan proposes more than 300 specific tasks. For example, in the area of ??infrastructure "interconnection", the three-year action plan combed the first batch of 17 inter-provincial detours. In October 2018, the first broken road between Husu and Suzhou was opened to traffic. Shanghai Qingpu District recently opened two bus lines for residents in neighboring provinces, so that they can board the bus at Hongqiao Airport by bus. (Subheading) Open up the tangible and intangible "broken road"
Zhang Bin, who has a stronger sense of people's livelihood and is in Shanghai's Songjiang District, originally worked in the Songjiang Export Processing Zone. In 2016, Zhang Bin’s company moved to the adjacent Jiashan County of Zhejiang Province, and he also opened the “Double City” life. Running around between the two cities, traffic is the most worrying issue for Zhang Bin at the beginning. However, with the advancement of the Yangtze River Delta integration, the three-dimensional transportation network such as high-speed rail, high-speed rail and rail transit has become more and more perfect, and Zhang Bin’s worries have gradually resolved. "From 7:50, I started at home and arrived at the company at 8:25. Between Jiashan and Shanghai, it was just a long time to drink a cup of coffee." The people are looking forward to the reform. The starting point and the foothold of higher quality integration in the Yangtze River Delta is for a better life for the people. Yu Hongsheng, secretary general of the Shanghai Branch of the China Center for International Economic Exchanges, said that this requires the government to open up various intangible “broken roads” in addition to the tangible “broken roads” to connect the institutional systems in the fields of health care, education and social security. Get more convenient public services. Running a "one card" is a major projection of the integration of the Yangtze River Delta in the field of people's livelihood. The Yangtze River Delta region is closely connected, and the demand for "one card and one card" and "one card settlement" is very prominent. Especially in the fields of transportation, medical insurance, and old-age care, the "one card" of the people's livelihood not only gives the people a sense of gain, but also enhances their sense of identity. In the second half of 2018, the pilot program for direct settlement of medical clinics in the Yangtze River Delta region was officially implemented. The first batch of "three provinces and one city" hospitals including the "Huashan Hospital" such as Shanghai Huashan Hospital and Ruijin Hospital were included in the first batch. Wang Wenbin is the head of a branch of Nantong's Shanghai office. According to the new policy, Wang Wenbin goes through the formalities of filing in the medical insurance department of Nantong, and then in the medical institutions in Shanghai, he can directly clear the card, without having to return to the headquarters at his own expense as before. "I feel that I am no longer a stranger in Shanghai, but a person from the Yangtze River Delta." A total of "one chapter" is recognized, making it easier for the people of the Yangtze River Delta to start their own businesses. Since 2018, the Yangtze River Delta region has started from market access and construction of large customs clearance to optimize the overall business environment, so that enterprises and the masses in the three provinces and one city can “less errands and do better things”. At the end of September 2018, nine cities in the “G60 Science and Technology Corridor” of the Yangtze River Delta realized “one network management office” and issued the first batch of 11 business licenses handled in different places in the country. Yu Quan, Chairman of Anhui Xuancheng Zhigu Zhongchuang Space Service Co., Ltd. It is one of the "early adopters". Yu Quan’s company wants to set up a research and development center in Shanghai. With "One Netcom", Yu Quan only ran two government windows of Xuancheng, submitted the information for the first time, and returned the business license after two or three days. "It is exactly the same as going to Shanghai." (Subheading) Forming Reform and Innovation "Field Effect"
The global competitive advantage is more prominent. At the beginning of 2019, Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province announced that the regional GDP in 2018 exceeded one trillion yuan. At present, the Yangtze River Delta region has six trillion-dollar GDP cities including Shanghai, Suzhou, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Wuxi and Ningbo, and the number is among the best in the country. GDP is not the only indicator. From the local conferences held in the Yangtze River Delta, the two local conferences have sent messages: to achieve high-quality development, the Yangtze River Delta region has laid out a series of strong fulcrums and graspers in terms of reform, opening up, and innovation and transformation. The "field effect" has become increasingly prominent: The experimental field, the opening of the new highland, the Shanghai Free Trade Zone and the Zhejiang Free Trade Zone echoed. The ability to enhance basic research, Hefei and Shanghai Zhangjiang two large comprehensive National Science Center adhesion Brilliant Stars. Cultivate new power and form new kinetic energy. A number of national independent innovation demonstration zones such as Shanghai Zhangjiang, Jiangsu Sunan, Zhejiang Hangzhou and Anhui Hefei are competing to bloom... One flower is not spring, and Baihua Qi is spring garden. At the first China International Import Expo held in November 2018, the "Yangtze River Delta" elements were particularly prominent. The two star exhibits of the Expo: "The Most Massive" Taurus gantry milling and the "Best Price" Italian AW189 helicopter, all entered the "Shopping Cart" of the Yangtze River Delta buyers. Behind the big handwriting, it demonstrates the strong momentum of innovation and transformation in the Yangtze River Delta. At present, the Yangtze River Delta region is accelerating the deployment of technological innovations such as cloud computing, big data, Internet of Things, artificial intelligence, promoting the deep integration of the industrial chain, and jointly building world-class industrial clusters. The integrated circuit is related to the lifeline of the national economy. The Yangtze River Delta, represented by Shanghai, occupies half of the domestic integrated circuit industry. Shanghai Huahong Group invested 10 billion US dollars to build an integrated circuit R&D and manufacturing base in Wuxi, Jiangsu. The newly established Pingtou Ge Semiconductor Company settled in Shanghai Zhangjiang Science City, and the cooperation in the chip field in the three provinces and one city bears fruit. "Around the creation of 'China Core', Pudong New Area will accelerate the construction of Shanghai IC Design Industrial Park in 2019, and promote SMICThe 12-inch production line was put into production, pushing the domestic integrated circuit manufacturing process to the world's first echelon. Shanghai Pudong New Area District Changhang Yingwei said. Domestic large aircraft is the dream of generation after generation of aviation people. In Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province, 11 companies have become the cooperative supporting suppliers of the domestic large-scale passenger aircraft C919. Only the Aerospace Haiying family has undertaken 4 working packages for the rear fuselage of the C919. "The development of Zhenjiang's aerospace industry benefits from the integration of the Yangtze River Delta. Without this concept and awareness, there is no innovation collaboration today." Yang Chengzhong, deputy director of the Zhenjiang Aerospace Industry Park Management Committee said. From small chips to large airplanes, Zhou Zhenhua, dean of the Shanghai Global Urban Research Institute, said that Shanghai and the surrounding Yangtze River Delta cities are forming a parallel division of labor. "Shanghai is not omnipotent, nor is it the strongest in every field. Only by avoiding homogenization competition can we achieve mutual benefit and win-win in a wider scope." The wind is rising and the tide is rushing to the east. Overlooking the Yangtze River estuary, the waters of the Yangtze River are vast and rushing into the sea. The rivers and seas meet and merge into one. With the strengths and strengths of each other, the "super-huge" of the Yangtze River Delta will surely be able to waver and sail towards a better future. (Reporter He Xinrong, Qu Yanyan, Yang Shaogong, Xu Haitao) (End)
07
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020190127ef1r0050l

##
(Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) American Chamber of Commerce in Taipei: Multinational corporations weaken confidence in Taiwan's economic prospects
Zhanglixin
520 words
23 January 2019
04:00 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) 2019 Xinhua News Agency, Inc. All rights reserved. Downloading without permission is prohibited.
++
?Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, January 23 (Reporter Yang Hui Zhang Lixin) The American Chamber of Commerce in Taipei released a 2019 business climate survey report in Taipei on the 23rd. The report shows that 45.8% of respondents have confidence in Taiwan's economic prospects this year, down about 10 percentage points from last year, indicating that multinational companies have weakened their confidence in Taiwan's economic prospects in the next 12 months. The report shows that the main factors that multinational companies are worried about Taiwan's economic prospects include Sino-US economic and trade frictions, and the US government's "US-first priority" trade policy has led to fewer US investment companies in Taiwan. In addition, energy, labor and taxation policies, as well as the regulatory system of the Taiwan authorities, are the areas of greatest concern for multinational companies. Nearly 90% of the respondents are worried about the power supply problem in Taiwan. Nearly 60% are dissatisfied with the importance of the decision-making level of the relevant departments of Taiwan. The nearly 30% believe that the personal income tax rate on the island is too high, which makes it difficult for enterprises to attract high-quality talents. The report also shows that more than 40% of respondents said that improving product and service innovation will be the main direction for enterprises to achieve growth this year. About 30% of respondents indicated that they will provide more employment opportunities this year. More than half of the respondents expect the company to hire this year. The number will remain the same. Li Hao, president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Taipei, said that the report highlights the increasing global competition and changes. Taiwan should intensify its innovation and continue to promote reforms to attract more foreign investment and create high value-added employment opportunities. The report also shows that more than 50% of the business leaders surveyed are optimistic about Taiwan's economic outlook for the next three years, which is basically the same as last year. The American Chamber of Commerce in Taipei entrusted Zicheng United Certified Public Accountants to investigate 179 US-owned companies in Taiwan from November 12 to December 21, 2018, and collected more than 80 valid questionnaires. (Finish)
01
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020190123ef1n00bf5




##





Global Finance
French-German business mergers respond to China or whether it is
Aoki Baiyunyi
795 words
18 January 2019
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
The newspaper's special correspondent in Germany, Aoki, reporter Bai Yunyi
"Should Europe through business merger deal with competitive challenges from China's giants?" Recently, this issue has become the focus of Europe, especially France and Germany argue the economic circles, while the German company Siemens and French locomotive manufacturer Alstom 's The merger plan became the core issue of this discussion. According to the British "Financial Times" reported on the 16th, Paris and Berlin believe that in order to compete with China's high-speed rail locomotive manufacturer China CRRC , the merger of Siemens and Alstom is a must, but the European Commission anti-monopoly commissioner believes that this is against The EU's anti-monopoly guidelines.
According to media reports, on March 23, 2018, Siemens and Alstom officially signed a business merger agreement, which has since been questioned by several regulatory authorities including the European Commission . However, some people in France and Germany believe that Europe is increasingly in need of a giant enterprise group to deal with China and participate in global competition. For months, Siemens and Alstom have tried to convince the European Commission with this argument . The economic ministers of France and Germany also agreed to the merger of the two companies.
However, the European Commission's anti-monopoly commissioner Margaret Vestag has objections. According to the Financial Times, Vestag warned on Tuesday that she would defend the competition rules and prevent the merger. The merger plan may be detrimental to competition within the EU, and the price will rise after the merger, eventually causing losses for millions of European rail passengers. Germany's "Focus" magazine said on the 17th that the German anti-monopoly agency Federal Cartel Bureau had previously written to the EU Competition Authority, saying that it fully agreed with Brussels' reservations and did not believe that the commitment of the two companies could solve the basic competition problem. German News TV said on the 17th that building alliances seems to be becoming a new trend for European companies. In the past, companies in Germany, France and other countries also formed a joint company against American technology giants, such as the European version of the search engine against Google, but in the end did not succeed. Experts believe that the German and European economies maintain world-leading levels in the automotive sector, not by unity, but by improvement and innovation.
Ding Chun, director of the Center for European Studies at Fudan University, told the Global Times that the merger between Siemens and Alstom reflects the separation of opinions among different actors in Europe. At present, it seems that in the face of competitive pressure from China, the voice of Europe, especially the business community, who hopes to promote the formation of "aircraft carrier enterprises" is gradually increasing. On the other hand, the EU anti-monopoly department is worried about opening a precedent for supporting monopoly. According to the existing principles, the possibility of veto is still higher.
According to Reuters reported on the 17th, in the face of the pressure of the European Commission , Siemens is ready to give up this merger. ?
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020190117ef1i00019

##


Cankao Xiaoxi
Toyota Panasonic teamed up with battery
2019-01-21 17:04:02 Source: Reference Message NetworkEditor: Chongzhen
Core Tip: Japanese media said that Toyota Motor and Matsushita will jointly set up a new company to produce automotive batteries in 2020.
++
Reference News Network reported on January 21st, "Nihon Keizai Shimbun" published on January 20th entitled "Toyota Matsushita Joint Development of Vehicle Battery" report that Japan's Toyota Motor and Matsushita will jointly set up production of vehicle batteries in 2020. New company. Panasonic will transfer the battery battery factory except for the production of Tesla batteries to the new company name. Batteries are the core technology for the competitiveness of electric vehicles. Chinese and Korean companies have risen significantly in terms of cost and scale. Japan's two representative car manufacturers and electrical appliance manufacturers are working together to establish a mechanism to lead the global technological innovation competition.
According to the report, Toyota and Panasonic have entered the final adjustment phase in the direction of 51% and 49% respectively. The two companies may announce the news within a week.
The report pointed out that the development of a new generation of batteries requires huge investment and high-level technology. In addition to the development of products such as all-solid-state batteries with large capacity and high safety, Toyota and Panasonic will accelerate the development of a mechanism that can compete in global competition from both cost and technology.


##


Finance
[Finance] Deutsche Bank: In the next 5 years, or 850 billion US dollars of overseas investment will flow into the Chinese bond market
584 words
13 February 2019
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
?The eve of the China news agency, Beijing, February 13 (Reporter Wang Enbo) - 2019 Spring Festival, the Chinese Bloomberg confirmed to Bloomberg Bond into the Barclays Global Composite Index. Deutsche Bank released a report on the 13th, saying that this move provides a good opportunity for global investors to participate in China's fixed-income market. It is expected that the overseas investment inflow of China's bond market will reach US$850 billion in the next five years.
??Liu Linan, a fixed-income strategy analyst at Deutsche Bank in China, pointed out in the report that the renminbi bond index will drive stable overseas investment inflows and exacerbate volatility in renminbi bond yields. It is estimated that in the next five years, the overseas capital inflows to invest in the Chinese bond market will reach 750 billion to 850 billion US dollars, and the proportion of overseas investors holding in the Chinese bond market will climb to 5.5-6%.
??Deutsche Bank data shows that in 2018, the global investor's net increase in RMB bond investment was 512 billion yuan (about 75 billion US dollars). Considering the RMB bond importation and the asset allocation of global reserve investment, Liu Linan said that the total capital inflow of the Chinese bond market in 2019 is expected to reach 600 billion to 700 billion yuan (about 87.9 billion to 102.5 billion US dollars).
??Including the bond market, China has continuously increased its opening up in all areas of the financial industry in recent years. The market generally expects that China will continue to accelerate the pace of financial opening in 2019.
??Deutsche Bank believes that in the next few years, China's financial reform will focus on strengthening the dual-pillar macro-control framework, including monetary policy and macro-prudential policies to maintain macroeconomic balance and financial stability; improve financial sector supervision and supervision, and manage financial systemicity. Risks; development of multi-level financial markets, accelerated opening up of the financial industry; upgrading of financial infrastructure.
??Among them, the opening of the financial industry is a top priority. According to the report, by introducing global competition, China will effectively promote the development of financial markets, enhance the global competitiveness of financial institutions, consolidate the domestic financial system, and ultimately help to enhance the effectiveness of China's financial system and support the sustainable development of the economy and the internationalization of the RMB. (Finish)
531117250
China News Service HK Branch Limited
Document CNSNDS0020190213ef2d0028l

##
Current affairs
[Critical] The Shanghai CPPCC members warmly discuss where the new area of ??the Shanghai Free Trade Zone should be "new"?
786 words
28 January 2019
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
China News Service, Shanghai, January 28th (Reporter Li Yuzheng Xu Wei) The new area of ??Shanghai Free Trade Zone is coming out, where should the new area be "new"? On the 28th, at the second meeting of the 13th Shanghai Municipal Political Consultative Conference, members of the Shanghai Free Trade Zone opened a hot discussion.
??Wang Shengyang, a member of the Shanghai Municipal People's Political Consultative Conference and a full-time deputy chairman of the Shanghai Municipal Committee of the Democratic National Construction Association, said that the new area of ??the Shanghai Free Trade Zone should be a "special economic zone" based on competition from major powers and overseas resources.
??At a time when global competition is becoming increasingly hot, the core of competition for all countries is still multinational corporations. “At this time, China urgently needs such a region to strengthen its competitiveness in attracting the headquarters of multinational corporations.” Wang Shengyang believes that the new area of ??Shanghai Free Trade Zone will undoubtedly add “winning” for China to participate in international competition.
??Wang Shengyang outlines the “blueprint” of the new district with “three districts and one base”: one is “the core area of ??strategic industry”, which gathers global high-end resources and develops strategic industries that are related to the long-term security and competitiveness of the national economy. Second, “offshore finance” The “first-rate zone” is related to the national financial security and financial long-term competitiveness; the third is the “global science and technology innovation coordination zone”, which is the global R&D highland that surpasses the development reserve for the big powers and the future; the fourth is the multinational company's continent headquarters.
??In terms of financial innovation, the new area has also been highly anticipated. Bo Haibin, member of the Shanghai Municipal People's Political Consultative Conference and director of the Free Trade Zone Research Institute of Shanghai Lixin Accounting and Finance College, believes that the financial difficulties of the Shanghai Free Trade Zone should be strengthened to break the predicament and further strengthen financial innovation.
??He suggested that the financial supervision model should be explored in the free trade zone, gradually explore and improve financial comprehensive supervision, establish a comprehensive financial real-time monitoring platform, promote the sharing of financial information resources, actively prevent financial risks, and implement financial policies.
??The "new" of the new district of the Free Trade Zone should also be reflected in the "heart". Fang Qizhong, member of the Standing Committee of the Shanghai Municipal CPPCC and chairman of Shanghai Qishi Enterprise Development Co., Ltd., said that the new district will provide the most popular service in response to the highest standards of the international service industry and the highest standards of business in the world.
??“The new area needs to gather the world's top talents, and high-quality life should become the standard of the new area.” Wang Shengyang said that the new area should be a demonstration area, a leading area and a exploration area for high-quality life.
??The establishment of a new section of the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone and the in-depth promotion of the Pilot Free Trade Zone are one of the three major tasks assigned to Shanghai by the Chinese authorities and one of the new “strategic supports” for Shanghai's future development.
??Shanghai Mayor Ying Yong said in his government work report that the new area of ??the Shanghai Free Trade Zone will implement an open policy and system with strong international market competitiveness in the most competitive free trade zone recognized internationally. Construct a special economic function zone that is more influential and competitive in the international market. (Finish)
525898170
China News Service HK Branch Limited
Document CNSNDS0020190128ef1s003ec

##

Correctly understand the new situation and new problems of economic development
4600 words
18 February 2019
01:18 AM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. China Internet Information Center
++
?Grasping the current economic situation, we must profoundly understand "stable", "change" and "worry"
??Regarding the current macroeconomic situation, the overall judgment of the central government is "the overall stability, stability, change, and worry." This judgment is objective and accurate. The key is how to understand, recognize and grasp the words "stable", "change" and "worry".
??Correctly grasp the overall situation of "stable". From the perspective of the transition process, China's economy has steadily moved from a high-speed growth stage to a high-quality development stage, and the quality of economic development has continued to improve. Since 2015, GDP growth has stabilized between 6.5% and 7% for 15 consecutive quarters, and total factor productivity has continued. The recovery has progressed steadily. From the perspective of indicators, the actual growth rate of China's economy is basically the same as the potential growth rate, and the core economic indicators are relatively matched. The employment situation is basically stable. The urban unemployment rate at the end of 2018 is about 4.8%. The unemployment rate of the main employment groups aged 25-59 is 4.4%, both at a low level. In 2018, CPI increased by 2.1% year-on-year, and consumer prices rose moderately. From the perspective of structural adjustment, in recent years, in response to the structural contradictions in China's economic development, the central government unswervingly promoted supply-side structural reforms and three major battles, in terms of capacity, de-leverage, debt control, real estate control, and environmental protection. Significant results have been achieved. Although the short-term has produced certain pains and tightening effects, the economy has achieved steady growth and laid a certain foundation for high-quality development.
??Deeply understand the main connotation of "change". At present, the world economic structure, global economic and trade environment, industrial transfer, and risk characteristics are undergoing profound changes. The change of the world economic structure is reflected in the fundamental changes in the global economic power comparison, and the global economic governance system is in the critical period of reconstruction. According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) data, in 2017, emerging markets and developing economies accounted for 40% of the global economy. If calculated by purchasing power parity, it has already exceeded 50%, and the world economic structure has undergone profound adjustment. At the same time, trade protectionism and populism are also on the rise. The global economic governance system is facing profound changes and reconstructions at all levels of ideas, rules and institutions. The global economic transformation has never been isolated. It is related to geopolitics and international forces. Balance, ideology, etc. will and will be undergoing tremendous influence, and the world is in a state of great change in the past 100 years. The changes in the global economic and trade environment are reflected in the slowdown in the pace of global economic and trade expansion and the intensification of economic and trade frictions between major economies. The effect of the US tax cuts has weakened, the capital market has been adjusted sharply, long-term interest rates and short-term interest rates have been reversed, economic growth has weakened, the economic growth of the euro zone and Japan has slowed, and the overall growth of emerging economies has been weak. The global economic recovery cycle seems to be Already at the top of the callback, the external environment facing China's economic development has undergone significant changes.
??The change of industrial transfer is reflected in the intensive and active period of technological innovation and industrial transformation, and new features of industrial chain adjustment and industrial transfer. Frontier technology has been cross-integrated, and many fields have been at the critical point of industrial breakthrough. A new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation are fundamentally reshaping the production lifestyle and economic and technological paradigm, which is both an opportunity and an opportunity for China to participate in global division of labor and long-term development. challenge. At the same time, China's labor cost advantage has gradually weakened, the impact of trade disputes provoked by the United States has expanded, labor-intensive industries have accelerated their transition to Southeast Asia and other regions, and there has been a sign of an overall shift in the industrial chain. The change of risk characteristics is reflected in the coexistence of new and old risks, and the difficulty and complexity of risk response has increased. China is still in the transition period of economic development, economic restructuring is still going on, new and old power conversion is still going on, old risks are still not ruled out, new risks, especially cross-market, cross-sectoral, cross-regional risks are gradually highlighted, in aggregate demand In the case of weakening, it is more difficult to coordinate the relationship of stable growth, structural adjustment and risk prevention.
??Pay full attention to the potential impact of "worry". At present, the international and domestic environment has undergone profound changes, creating new problems and new challenges. The incremental problems and stock problems coexist. Long-term problems are intertwined with short-term problems, especially in the process of promoting high-quality development and responding to changes in the world economic governance system. Some problems and difficulties we have encountered, accumulated some experience in solving problems, more problems have never been seen before, increased the difficulty of solving problems, and more serious "markets and public concerns about China's economic and social development." ". Specifically, it is mainly concerned that China-US trade friction has changed China's development process, and China has been marginalized in the reconstruction of international economic and trade rules; it is worried about the difficulties of the real economy, the decline of corporate profits, the increasing employment pressure, and insufficient domestic demand; Coordination and implementation are difficult to achieve, and the vitality of the market's micro-subjects is difficult to release; the key technologies that concern the vitality of the country's economy are subject to people, and the pace of industrial upgrading is hindered. These "worries" are the problems that China must solve in order to achieve high-quality development and the barriers that must be overcome.
??Understand the current economic situation, we must dialectically treat internal and external relations, supply and demand, and long-term relationships.
??In the face of the new situation and new problems arising from the current economic development, various views have emerged in the society. Some even worry that under the pressure of domestic and foreign pressures, the strategic opportunity period for China’s development still does not exist, and the economy The situation of steady growth of medium and high speed can still be maintained. How to stabilize and enhance the confidence of the masses and enterprises? To answer these questions, we must first solve the problem of epistemology. This year's first issue of "Qiushi" published an important article by General Secretary Xi Jinping, "Dialectical Materialism is the World Outlook and Methodology of the Chinese Communists", and profoundly expounded the basic principles of Marxist philosophy and guides the work of the new era. significance. Our party has always attached importance to philosophical speculation and emphasized the use of dialectical methods to see problems. I personally believe that to correctly understand the current situation, we must at least dialectically consider the three important relationships of internal and external relations, supply and demand, and long and short relationships.
??Grasp the relationship between internal and external. In the early days of reform and opening up, China seized the opportunity of globalization and decisively implemented opening up to the outside world. After joining the World Trade Organization , the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China pointed out that China is in an important strategic opportunity period that can make a difference. It is precisely because our party has an insight into the overall situation and correctly judges the international situation that reform and opening up have continued to overcome difficulties and progress from victory to victory. In recent years, the international environment facing China has undergone major changes. Under such circumstances, how to comprehensively deepen reform and opening up? It is necessary to make a correct judgment on the international situation and the characteristics of the times. General Secretary Xi Jinping asked us to "watch the big trend and seek big things". If we look at the long-term historical trend, we will find that the connotation of the strategic opportunity period that China is facing has undergone profound changes, but the judgment still in the stage of strategic opportunity has not changed. . In the early stage of reform and opening up, China's strategic opportunity period is mainly reflected in the fact that globalization is in an upward cycle. China is taking advantage of the trend and opening up to the outside world, grasping the opportunities of Western industrial upgrading and capacity output, and deeply integrating into the global division of labor system. Since the international financial crisis, financial bubbles, deteriorating income distribution, and slowing productivity growth have weakened the momentum of global economic growth. At the same time, a new round of industrial revolution is also gestating and emerging, and the new global governance system is being reconstructed. In this context, if China can further develop our institutional advantages, comprehensively deepen reforms, and courageously resolve long-term accumulated structural problems, truly manage our own affairs, solve our own problems, and continue to promote reforms through openness. Adhering to the open strategy of mutual benefit and win-win, continuously expanding cooperation with countries around the world, actively participating in global governance and shaping the new global order, we will surely bring new sources of power to China's economic development.
??Grasp the relationship between supply and demand. In recent years, China has made great efforts to promote structural reforms on the supply side and has achieved positive and remarkable results. At present, there is such a view that the current downward pressure on the economy is increasing, the pressure on enterprises is also great, and the structural reform on the supply side is slowing down. We must treat this view correctly. Supply and demand are the unity of opposites. It is necessary to talk about two points and focus on the theory. In the contradiction between supply and demand, the focus of contradiction is on the supply side. In the past few years, in the absence of a global economic recovery, we have been able to maintain a stable economic growth of more than 6.5%. One key is to resolutely implement supply-side structural reforms focusing on “three to one and one subsidy”. Everyone can imagine that if they do not engage in these reforms, they will not touch the supply side, do not improve their ability to innovate, and will not resolve the bubble risks in areas such as financial debts. They will not be determined to strengthen environmental protection, but simply stimulate demand. If there is more water, then what is the situation of today’s economy, will we still have the confidence and confidence to participate in global competition? The supply-side structural reform is a major adjustment to the economic structure and requires a process. To a certain extent, enterprises feel pressure, which is an inevitable phenomenon in the process of structural adjustment and transformation and upgrading. At the same time, we must also see that supply and demand are united and cannot be separated. Keynesianism simply emphasizes stimulating demand without touching the production relationship, which easily leads to flooding; the supply school overemphasizes the improvement of supply, while ignoring the cultivation of demand, it easily leads to imbalance between supply and demand and enlarges fluctuations. While we are doing a good job of structural reforms on the supply side, we must also do a good job of demand management. Because if the overall demand is insufficient and the economy stalls, even the emerging and high-quality enterprises will be affected. With the deepening of the supply-side structural reforms, the demand potential is being continuously released, which is a benign development process that constantly achieves a new balance in the dynamics.
??Grasp the relationship between short-term and long-term. The ancients said, "There is no way to seek for the world." At present, China's external development environment has undergone major changes, and external demand has tightened. At the same time, supply-side structural reforms have objectively tightened effects on certain industries. Faced with this situation, is it to adhere to the direction of high-quality development and promote structural reforms on the supply side, and to achieve sustainable growth? Or to protect short-term benefits and accumulate risks for long-term growth? We should establish a long-term and overall perspective, and take the long-term perspective as the fundamental. We must not undermine the short-term contradiction and undermine the foundation of long-term growth. As long as it is conducive to long-term high-quality development, even if the short-term growth rate slows down, we must remain firm. The push is not to be comfortable for the short term, the growth data is a little more beautiful, and the long-term growth is costly. In this regard, both China and other countries have serious lessons. Western countries have already seen signs of economic crisis in the 1990s, but because they have not made up their minds to solve structural problems, they have eased temporary pressure through credit expansion and debt expansion. Although growth has continued in the short term, The accumulated contradictions eventually led to the international financial crisis. Therefore, supply-side structural reforms that are conducive to long-term economic growth should be given top priority. At the same time, we must also see that the economic growth rate should not be too low. If it continues to be significantly lower than the potential growth rate, it will also be detrimental to improving the quality of economic growth, and another type of risk will arise. For China, as long as we maintain a reasonable rate of economic growth, we have the conditions and space to resolve structural contradictions. To solve the problem, we must tightly twist the main contradiction, and we must not scratch the eyebrows. The three major battles in the central government have fully reflected the idea of ??combining long and short. The completion of the three major battles will surely open up new prospects for China's economic growth. For enterprises, they should also adapt to this change, use this opportunity, practice hard work and not blame discouragement, spend the winter, and actively embrace the new spring.
??Implementing the three major policies to promote the structural reform and upgrading of the supply side, and work hard to "consolidate, enhance, enhance, and smooth" the eight words
??The Central Economic Work Conference believes that the main contradiction in China's economic operation is still structural. The main aspects of contradictions on the supply side must adhere to the supply-side structural reform as the main line. This judgment is in line with the current situation in China, and the supply-side structural reform should continue to be the main line of economic work in the future.
??The supply-side structural reform is an inevitable requirement for China's economic restructuring. On November 10, 2015, when General Secretary Xi Jinping hosted the 11th meeting of the Central Financial and Economic Leading Group, he proposed "strengthening the supply-side structural reform while moderately expanding aggregate demand." In the past few years, the structural reform of the supply side has been carried out around “three to one, one reduction and one supplement”. Up to now, the supply-side structural reform has achieved stage results, the low-end ineffective capacity has been reduced, the real estate inventory has been clearly resolved, the macro leverage ratio has gradually stabilized, the business operating costs have declined, and the short-board has made positive progress.
??Under the new situation, it is necessary to continue to deepen supply-side structural reforms. At present, the imbalance between supply and demand in China has not been fundamentally resolved. The main aspect of the contradiction between supply and demand is still on the supply side, and the task of structural reform on the supply side has not yet been completed. Moreover, with the tightening of the external environment and the steady changes in economic operations, problems such as insufficient micro-vibration of the market, low quality of supply systems, and constraints of institutional mechanisms have also raised new requirements for structural reforms on the supply side. First of all, the innovation vitality of the micro-subjects in the market is insufficient, and the quality of supply is slower. It is necessary to enhance the vitality of micro-subjects, give play to the subjective initiative of enterprises and entrepreneurs, establish fair and open market rules and the rule of law business environment, emphasize more on fair competition, promote positive incentives and survival of the fittest, develop more high-quality enterprises, and market micro-subjects. The vitality is released. Second, the traditional advantages are gradually weakening, the new competitive advantages have not been effectively formed, and the security of the industrial chain is facing challenges. The trade friction provoked by the United States unilaterally exposes China's low-end and core technologies to people's problems in the value chain. The security of supply chain, value chain and industrial chain is threatened. It is urgent to accelerate the optimization and promotion, and cultivate and develop new ones. Industrial clusters continue to promote industrial upgrading and form new kinetic energy for development. Thirdly, there are still obstacles to the circulation of factors, and there is still huge room for the construction of a unified market at home and abroad. It is necessary to unblock the national economic cycle, accelerate the construction of a unified, open and competitive modern market system, improve the financial system's ability to serve the real economy, and form a virtuous circle of domestic markets and production entities, economic growth and employment expansion, and financial and real economy. In addition, the results of “three to one, one reduction and one supplement” also need to be consolidated, to promote more overcapacity industries to speed up clearing, reduce the cost of various businesses in the whole society, and increase the strength of infrastructure and other shortcomings. Therefore, the central government emphasizes deepening the supply-side structural reforms, and needs more ways to adopt reforms. It will use more market-oriented and rule-of-law methods to work harder on the words of “consolidating, enhancing, upgrading, and smoothing”. This eight-character policy is to deepen the supply-side structural reforms and promote the high-quality development management requirements in the current and future period, and must be implemented in a comprehensive and conscientious manner.
??In 2019, we must continue to adhere to the general tone of steady progress, adhere to the supply-side structural reform as the main line, focus on the implementation of macro-policies, structural policies, social policies, and strive to achieve the maximum value of overall optimization. Macroeconomic policies should strengthen countercyclical adjustments and stabilize aggregate demand growth. Active fiscal policies must be strengthened to increase efficiency and implement larger tax cuts and reductions. Steady monetary policy should be moderate and appropriate, maintain a reasonable and sufficient liquidity, improve the transmission mechanism of monetary policy, increase the proportion of direct financing, solve the problem of difficult financing for private enterprises and small and micro enterprises, and strive to solve the problem of “wide currency and tight credit”. Bureau. The structural policy is mainly to strengthen the reform of the system and mechanism and enhance the driving force for development. Insist on the reform drive, deepen the reform of state-owned state-owned enterprises, fiscal and taxation finance, land, market access, and social management. Strengthen the basic position of competition policy, promote the transformation of industrial policy from difference, selectivity to inclusiveness and function, and create a fair competitive business environment. Implement employment priority policies and focus on solving structural unemployment. Accelerate the improvement of the level of social insurance and ensure the bottom line of the basic life of the people. Timely solve the pain points, difficulties and hot issues of the people, constantly improve social governance, and maintain the overall stability of the society.
??(The author is the director of the Development Research Center of the State Council)
China Internet Information Center
Document CHOROS0020190218ef2i0005r
##

What is the motivation for the Japanese Self-Defense Forces to integrate with the six countries’ military supplies?
1742 words
25 January 2019
06:51 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. China Internet Information Center
++
  Qin Lizhi, Lecturer, Institute of International Relations, Northeast Asian Studies Center, Dalian University of Foreign Languages
       Since 2017, Japan has successively revised and signed the Agreement on Mutual Provision of Materials and Labor with the national armies, and improved the system to facilitate the implementation of joint training. Recently, with regard to embarking on the implementation and entry into force of the Agreement on Mutual Supply of Goods and Services (ACSA), the Japanese government will submit an agreement at the 2019 congressional meeting to allow the Self-Defense Forces to achieve material integration with the French and Canadian armies. In addition to France and Canada, Japan has also signed this agreement with the United States, Britain, Australia and India. This means that the Japanese Self-Defense Force and the other six countries can provide food, fuel and ammunition to each other. The strategic motivation of Japan’s initiative can be seen from the following aspects:
       First, increase the discretionary power of the new security law.
       Since the re-election of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Japan has been trying to revise Article 9 of the Peace Constitution, lift the ban on collective self-defense, pursue a "normal state", and change the tradition of special defense strategy established after World War II. As a procedural system for implementing the new security law, this agreement will enable Japan to provide logistical support such as ammunition to other countries' armed forces without being attacked by force.
       This actually expands the authority of the Self-Defense Forces, making Japan’s defense strategy more proactive and offensive, which is conducive to Japan’s “borrowing to the sea” and preparing for “United Nations peacekeeping operations and large-scale disasters”. Xunzi, to achieve militaristic expansion, especially in the case of "gray events", can flexibly apply the discretionary power of the new security law, and Japan has been striding forward along the established "revision of the constitution - expansion of the army."
       Second, it will force Japan to re-industrialize and achieve economic recovery.
       In the late Cold War, Japan suffered a major blow in the trade war with the United States. With the rapid development of China’s economy, Japan is not willing to let the world’s second economy’s throne be handed over. Japan intends to become an important exporter of weapons, with the help of so-called China threat, Japan and India, Australia and other countries to build established a strong military ties.
       Japan’s domestic weapons production system is at a disadvantage compared to countries such as the United States and Russia. In order to become a world military production power, Japan urgently needs to support the improvement and development of its military industry through arms exports, that is, to follow the arms system sales - military exporting countries - re-industrialization - to promote economic growth.
       Third, cooperate with the US-Indian strategy and increase strategic autonomy in the security field.
       The US’s return to the Asia-Pacific strategy requires Japan’s “force” and is an important reason for Abe’s strong push. The United States encourages Japan to revise the "Peace Constitution" in order to allow Japan to continue to improve its military strength and to be a good pawn in the United States. Japan needs to fulfill its allies' obligations to support the US hegemonic strategy. In particular, the "Thucydides trap" triggered by the rise of the United States and Japan in China has a common consensus, and the alliance goal of balancing China's threats is highly compatible.
       However, the Japan-US alliance has had strong inequalities since the Cold War. Although the Japan-US alliance has been "redefined" and increased its reciprocal commitment since 1996, Japan's asymmetric interdependence with the United States is still evident. Japan's implementation of the agreement is to enhance the strategic autonomy of security, marking the improvement of Japan's "building group" and "solid group" capabilities and awareness. The essence of this agreement is to accelerate the adjustment of Japan's security strategy through the cross-integration of traditional and non-traditional security cooperation forms. Its successive signing marks the strengthening and deepening of Japan's international coordinated security strategy, and pursues independent defense capabilities and regional security. The ability to construct order.
       The following possible effects of Japan’s move:
       From the analysis of bilateral relations, it will have a negative impact on Sino-Japanese and Russian-Japanese relations, and will bring different levels of short-term gains to other major powers.
       From the perspective of Sino-Japanese relations, Japan and China are in a state of water, and the geographical proximity of the two countries makes each other's strategic cooperation bring about double gains, and once there is a geopolitical confrontation, it will have far-reaching negative effects. The Japanese government’s repeated breakthroughs in the restricted area and the large-scale expansion of the military at the expense of the people’s livelihood and the development of the country have not only triggered more opposition from the Japanese people, but also cast a shadow over Japan-China relations, Japan-ROK relations, and even more hopes for improving relations between Japan and the DPRK. To strengthen Russia’s prevention, it can be described as harming others.
       From the perspective of the Japan-US alliance, it will have an additional comforting effect on the Trump administration, indicating that Japan is willing to bear more hegemonic protection costs for the United States and reduce US military pressure. For some European countries trying to get involved in Asian affairs, they will get some benefits. For example, the UK is worried about the decline of influence due to Brexit and hopes to strengthen its intervention in the Asia-Pacific region. For Australia, which is a trade-established country, and India, which borders China, the stability of East Asia is very important, and Japan’s move coincides with the strategic intentions of the United Kingdom.
       Judging from the impact on the overall situation in the Indo-Pacific region, geopolitical competition has intensified, triggering a spiral of security dilemma or conflict.
       As one of the culprits of World War II, Japan has a history of militarism. It is now expected that the Abe government will further increase military spending, promote all-round military expansion, accelerate the process of military integration between Japan and the United States, and easily stimulate tensions in the region. Regional security issues such as the relatively weak nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula have intensified again. Other countries have stepped up to adopt a symmetrical check and balance strategy because of fears of regional threats brought about by the Japanese military expansion.
       For example, Japan’s new defense defensive outline shows Japan’s ambition to have an aircraft carrier and includes a large number of violations of the “defense” principle, which may lead to a naval arms race between the major powers in the Indo-Pacific region. The new version of the "Defense Program Outline" is an "offensive plan outline" and is not a so-called "special defense". The more aggressive the strategic orientation of Japan, the more obvious the pattern of the entire Indo-Pacific region (including the balance of attack and defense of military forces) will occur. Severe tilt, whether it is negative for the region, the surrounding, and the world. (Editor: Tang Hua)
China Internet Information Center
Document CHOROS0020190126ef1q00009

##
Enterprises must “have to go out” to have compliance awareness
998 words
21 January 2019
12:47 AM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. China Internet Information Center
++
?With the continuous reform and opening up of China, more and more Chinese enterprises have followed the trend of economic globalization and have gone abroad to participate in international economic cooperation. This not only promotes the development and growth of the enterprise itself, but also promotes mutual benefit and common development between China and the rest of the world, and contributes to the integration and development of the Chinese economy and the world economy. However, “going out” enterprises must abide by local laws and regulations and enhance their sense of compliance in order to stay in the global market and become better and stronger.
??In-depth analysis of the reasons for the frustration of overseas business operations, we can find that there are mainly three types of situations. First, they are unfamiliar with the laws and regulations in the country. Second, they know the regulations but are driven by the interests. The third is that the enterprise compliance mechanism is not perfect and it is difficult to effectively avoid risks. For different types of corporate violations, the solutions are different, and different prescriptions need to be prescribed for individual “lesions”.
??Compliance awareness is the basic premise for enterprises to “go global”. In the process of transnational operations and global value chain layout, it is the basic compliance of enterprises to follow the customs and obey the law. If the company can act in accordance with legal norms, the company will have legitimacy in the place where it operates, and the company's business behavior will be protected by local laws and regulations, so that companies can build a strong and stable global value chain. Imagine that a company does not have a sense of rules in transnational operations. It is impossible to survive for a long time by speculation. It is also destined to be eliminated by the market. Companies that “go out” must not only comply with major international rules, but also comply with the special rules of some countries, especially the “rules of the game”.
??Compliance awareness is an important condition for companies to “go in”. When enterprises go abroad, they only realize the first step of transnational operations. What is more important is to “go in” and truly integrate into the local market and integrate into the local economy. Whether or not you can "go in", corporate compliance awareness is an important consideration. Whether a company is compliant depends not only on its compliance with social and environmental responsibilities, but also on compliance with competition rules, financial rules, and trade rules. It also tests compliance with intellectual property rights protection and personal data protection. This requires companies to move from single compliance to full compliance. Just as people have good moral qualities, companies have good compliance concepts and a sound compliance internal control system, only more excellent companies can choose to cooperate with them, and they will truly “walk into” the international market and continue to grow and develop. The foundation is evergreen.
??Compliance awareness is the call for the era of “going up”. The “going in” Chinese enterprises have a foothold in local operations. With the “admission ticket”, the next goal is to “go up” and become a local outstanding enterprise and become a localized excellent enterprise. China’s “image ambassador” opening to the outside world. Today, when global competition is intensifying, first-class companies should not only have hardware or hard power, but also software or soft power. Whether enterprises can "go up", the competition is not only the hard power of product quality, after-sales service, but the soft power of compliance management and compliance culture. If a company that “goes out” wants to stay away from the global market and become better and stronger, it must abide by the laws and rules of the global market economy, be honest and trustworthy, operate in compliance, and fulfill its social responsibilities. Compliance awareness is not only an essential quality for enterprises to "go global", but also an important guarantee for international competition and "going up."
??Standing on the new starting point of the 40 years of reform and opening up, with the deepening of the construction of the “Belt and Road”, China’s comprehensive new opening pattern will be accelerated, and enterprises’ “going out” will usher in a broader prospect, and more will emerge. A world-class Chinese company with global competitiveness.
China Internet Information Center
Document CHOROS0020190121ef1l0005v
##


Dow Jones Factiva	Dow Jones
Intellectual property
A Review of the New Connotation of China's Important Strategic Opportunities for Development: Improving the Ability of Science and Technology Innovation
4194 words
18 February 2019
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
"In today's world, technological innovation has become a key support for improving overall national strength, and has become a powerful leader in social production methods and lifestyle reforms. Who has taken the lead in technological innovation, who has taken the initiative in technological innovation, whoever Can take the lead and win the advantage."
"The core technology with independent intellectual property rights is the 'life gate' of the enterprise. Enterprises must continuously achieve breakthroughs in core technologies, master more key technologies with independent intellectual property rights, and control the leading role of industrial development."
"Technology competition is like short-track speed skating, we are accelerating, people are accelerating, and finally we must see who is faster and who is more sustainable."
......
Regarding scientific and technological innovation, General Secretary Xi Jinping used a metaphor of image to make a series of important expositions.
Since the founding of New China, especially since the reform and opening up, the party and the government have attached great importance to science and technology. From "moving to science" to welcoming "the spring of science", from "science and technology is the primary productive force" to "innovation is the first driving force to lead development", China's science and technology has been rushing to seize opportunities and continue to innovate.
At present, China's development is still in a period of important strategic opportunities. In the face of some of the key core technologies that rely on imports and are easily challenged by others, how can technological innovation be able to turn crises into opportunities, keep pace with the times, and continue to provide a strong impetus for China's high-quality development?
Market demand is growing stronger, major achievements are constantly emerging, and the road to innovation is getting wider and wider.
The level of science and technology affects the rise and fall of nationality
Historical experience has repeatedly shown that those countries that seize the opportunity of scientific and technological revolution and modernize are all countries with strong scientific foundations; those countries that seize the opportunity of technological revolution to become a world power are among the leading countries in important scientific and technological fields.
Since the beginning of the 21st century, global technological innovation has been unprecedentedly active. A new generation of information technology represented by artificial intelligence, quantum information, mobile communication, Internet of Things, and blockchain accelerates breakthrough applications, and new fields of life sciences represented by synthetic biology, gene editing, brain science, and regenerative medicine Transformation, advanced manufacturing technologies that integrate robots, digitization, and new materials are accelerating the transformation of manufacturing to intelligence, service, and green... A new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation is reshaping the global innovation landscape and reshaping the global economic structure. .
Opportunities always favor those who are prepared. In today's world, the science and technology revolution is in the ascendant, the tide is stirring, how is China's technology ready?
Undoubtedly, China has become a major technological power with great influence. The support and leading role of technological innovation in economic and social development is increasing.
Major innovations continue to emerge -
Major innovations such as the No. 4, Beidou No. 3, manned spaceflight, large aircraft, and neutrino oscillations have attracted worldwide attention; high-speed rail networks, mobile payments, and digital economy have led the world; deep-sea deep-seismic exploration, supercomputing, artificial intelligence, etc. The strategic high-tech sector facing major national needs continued to make major breakthroughs; the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress reached 58.5%.
The wave of innovation is constantly rushing. The young Zhejiang University professor Hu Haiyan received two e-mails from the Nobel Prize in Science after publishing two papers in Nature. The other party wanted to conduct a brain science project together and said, “This is the most valuable one in the future. Research"; the single results of the tumor immunotherapy drugs of the Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , the conversion benefit reached 457 million US dollars......
Some frontier fields have entered the parallel and leading stage internationally -
Artificial intelligence has been hailed as a strategic technology in the new round of scientific and technological revolution. The New York Times once wrote that another center of artificial intelligence in the world is in China. The rise of this field is not a few but a group of Chinese companies, Tencent, Baidu, Yitu, Shangtang... They began to put the R&D center in the US Silicon Valley. Relevant statistics show that the number of artificial intelligence enterprises, the number of patent applications and the scale of financing in China are second only to the United States, ranking second in the world; the world's most noteworthy 100 artificial intelligence enterprises, more than 20 Chinese companies. The Economist magazine even said: "The bosses of the technology companies in the United States wanted to see the world's most cutting-edge technology. Just push the door open. Now they have to fly to China to see it. ""
The support conditions for researchers, equipment, and funds are not the same as before -
As of 2018, the total number of R&D personnel in China is expected to reach 4.18 million, ranking first in the world. The number of invention patent applications and authorizations ranked first in the world, with high-tech enterprises reaching 181,000 and technology-based SMEs exceeding 130,000. The major technological infrastructure has undergone a process from small to large, from learning to independent innovation, and has built and put into use a large number of sparse neutron sources, strong magnetic field devices, synchrotron radiation sources, large-scale astronomical telescopes, and marine scientific research vessels. Large scientific installations, the number of facilities, construction scale and coverage areas have gradually expanded. In 2018, the proportion of R&D expenditure in GDP in the whole society is expected to be 2.15%.
"Once society has technical needs, this kind of demand will push science forward even more than ten universities." China is vigorously promoting supply-side structural reforms, promoting economic transformation to high quality, and not only for technological innovation. The unprecedented huge demand has also provided a huge market for the transformation of results.
From basic research to core technology research and development, scientific and technological achievements, words such as “original”, “key” and “leading” are increasingly appearing in the Chinese science and technology dictionary. The new kinetic energy that is constantly emerging in the field of science and technology is rapidly reshaping the pattern of economic growth and profoundly changing the way of production and production.
China's scientific and technological innovation has released vitality, cultivated self-confidence, identified coordinates, and explored the road of independent innovation with Chinese characteristics. Huai Jinpeng, party secretary and executive vice chairman of the China Association for Science and Technology, said: "Confidence is good, the road is right, the foundation is good, the market is big, and the driving force is strong. China's science and technology will surely seize the opportunity and take advantage of the momentum."
Deeply cultivate basic research, cultivate innovative atmosphere, and develop core technology research and development
The results are gratifying, but the reality is alarming: our key core technology innovation capabilities are still insufficient, and it is easy to be “kicked” by others.
China's annual output of steel exceeds half of the world's total output, and still does not produce some special steel. As the world's largest electronics manufacturer, China's annual integrated circuit imports amount to more than 200 billion US dollars; high-performance aircraft engines rely heavily on other countries, high-end The car is still dominated by foreign capital and joint venture brands...
It is expensive, not expensive. General Secretary Xi Jinping had long had an insight into the issue of "card neck". He repeatedly stressed on many occasions that "it is not always possible to rely on the scientific and technological achievements of others to improve their own technological level, and not to be a technical vassal of other countries. "The back of others is also step by step." "An Internet company, even if it is bigger and has a higher market value. If the core components are heavily dependent on foreign countries, and the 'life gate' of the supply chain is in the hands of others, it is like building a house on someone else's wall. If you are big and beautiful, you may not be able to withstand the wind and rain, and you may even be vulnerable."
Practice repeatedly tells us that the key core technology is whether it can't come, buy it, or can't. Only by taking key core technologies in their hands can we fundamentally safeguard national economic security, national defense security and other security.
Being "card necked" is a challenge and an opportunity. It forces us to vigorously promote independent innovation and catch up in the research and development of key core technologies.
——Innovative layout, let the enterprise become the real innovation subject.
“Technology that cannot go out of the laboratory cannot be called a key core technology. Only technology that can be transformed into a mature product and realize large-scale application is a veritable key core technology. It must fully understand the main position of enterprises in technological innovation. Li Guojie, the former director of the Institute of Computing Technology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the chairman of Shuguang Information Industry Co., Ltd., believes that not only must the scientific research strength of colleges and universities be used, but also the leading enterprises with technical strength and willingness to innovate, let them take the lead, unite colleges and universities. The institute worked together to tackle the problem.
——Innovative methods must increase investment in research and development and unswervingly continue to innovate.
"The core technology does not necessarily win, but there is no core technology to lose." After more than 10 years of continuous research, BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. has been promoted to a global leader by "primary school students" in the field of liquid crystal display. Chairman Wang Dongsheng has a personal experience of innovation. "The key core technology is not one day to overcome. It is necessary to take out real money and silver, continue to increase investment, and we must insist that Qingshan does not relax, do not retreat in the face of difficulties, do not turn in the face of temptation, maintain strategic strength, and continue to carry out technical research. ""
——In the scope of innovation, we must take a step forward and deepen basic research.
"The roots can only be leafy, and the source can be long." In the view of the Chinese Academy of Engineering academician He Hezhen, the key core technology innovation ability is insufficient. The root of the basic research is that the foundation of the basic research is not deep, the foundation is not strong, and the source is lacking. "We should find reasons at the roots, work hard at the source, encourage enterprises and colleges to strengthen basic research and original innovation, and lay a solid foundation for providing key core technologies."
——Innovative culture, vigorously create an innovative atmosphere of “tolerance failure”.
Innovation has always been a life of nine deaths, especially in key core technologies. The development of key core technologies means taking on higher risks and more failures than general technological innovations. It is necessary to vigorously create an innovative atmosphere of “encouraging innovation, and losing the glory”, and introducing incentive measures such as “allowing trial and error, not coming back”, so that the majority of scientific researchers can emancipate their minds, let go of their burdens, and go light, and dare to “hard bones” and bravely "No man's land."
“The key core technology is not unattainable.” Hu Zhijian, dean of the China Science and Technology Development Strategy Research Institute of the Ministry of Science and Technology, cited the example. After the founding of the People’s Republic of China, the older generation of scientists in China struggled hard and became self-reliant, creating a world miracle of “two bombs and one star”; Since the reform and opening up, the old and middle-aged scientific researchers have independently innovated and relayed their efforts. The manned space flight, the Beidou system and the lunar exploration project have made significant progress, and the world has attracted attention. "China's innovation conditions have been greatly improved, scientific research personnel have improved in quality, R&D equipment is increasingly sophisticated, and R&D expenditure is second in the world. China has huge market demand and strong institutional advantages. As long as we continue to carry forward the spirit of self-reliance and hard work, we are determined. Unswervingly taking the road of independent innovation, we will be able to achieve the autonomy and control of key core technologies, and firmly grasp the initiative of competition and development in our own hands."
"The scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation have profoundly changed the world's development pattern. We can only strive to achieve leapfrog development in some important scientific and technological fields in order to win the initiative in the new round of global competition," said Pan Jiaofeng, dean of the Science and Technology Strategy Consulting Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Breaking down institutional barriers, deepening scientific and technological cooperation, and stimulating more innovative kinetic energy
Science and technology are world-wide and contemporary. The development of science and technology must have a global vision and grasp the pulse of the times. Compared with the goal of building a world-class science and technology power, we still have a big gap. We need to continuously improve the overall strength of China's science and technology innovation in the process of comprehensively deepening reforms and comprehensively opening up.
If science and technology innovation is likened to the new engine of China's development, then reform is the ignition system necessary to ignite this new engine. It is necessary to take more effective measures to improve the ignition system and launch the new engine driven by innovation at full speed.
It is noted that the 2018 National Science and Technology Award is worth 8 million yuan, and is controlled by individuals. This is the first time in the past 20 years since the establishment of the National Science and Technology Award, the adjustment of the amount of awards and the distribution structure has fully demonstrated the party's incentives and care for science and technology workers. At the same time, the prizes for the National Natural Science Award, the Technical Invention Award and the Science and Technology Progress Award were also increased by 50%.
The implementation of the "Proposal on Deepening the Reform of the Science and Technology Award System" has led to many changes over the past year. This is one of them.
The most urgent thing to improve the ability of scientific and technological innovation is to remove institutional and institutional obstacles and maximize the liberation and stimulation of the enormous potential of science and technology as the primary productive forces. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, there have been clear ideas for deepening the reform of the science and technology system.
——Continuous efforts to reform the main areas of innovation, innovation, innovation, and innovation, strengthen national strategic and technological strength, and enhance the overall effectiveness of the national innovation system;
—— Optimize and strengthen the top-level design of the technology innovation system, and clarify the functional orientation of the innovation subjects of enterprises, universities and research institutes in different links of the innovation chain, and stimulate the passion and vitality of all kinds of subject innovation;
——Let the market play a guiding role in technology research and development direction, route selection, factor price, and allocation of various innovative elements, so that the market will play a decisive role in the allocation of innovative resources;
......
To enhance the ability of scientific and technological innovation, we must not close the door to engage in innovation, but we must make full use of the favorable conditions for comprehensively expanding and opening up, gather the strength of the four seas, and borrow the power of all parties.
Located in the remote Chinese Academy of Sciences Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, there are more than 100 foreign researchers from more than 30 countries. From a national perspective, there are many foreign researchers active in universities, research institutes and enterprises.
The 4th is equipped with 4 international scientific detection equipments to pursue the mysteries of the universe on the back of the moon; the Daya Bay Neutrino Experiment International Cooperation Group has opened the door to the future development of neutrinos; China Beidou is the “Belt and Road” countries and regions. Accurate satellite navigation services are provided throughout the world; the Chinese Academy of Sciences has led the establishment of the “Belt and Road” international scientific organization alliance...
In recent years, China has actively integrated into the global science and technology innovation network, actively participated in and led the international science programs and projects, developed many new technologies and products, and shared innovations with the people of the world.
At the new starting point, deepening international science and technology exchanges and cooperation, China's road to scientific and technological innovation will become broader and broader.
—— At the macro level, we must adhere to a global vision to plan and promote scientific and technological innovation, comprehensively strengthen international scientific and technological innovation cooperation, and encourage Chinese scientists to initiate and organize international science and technology cooperation plans;
—— Highlight key points, build “One Belt and One Road” into a road of innovation, and cooperate to build science and technology innovation alliances and technological innovation bases for countries along the route to create opportunities and platforms for common development of all countries;
-- Maximize the use of global innovation resources, comprehensively enhance China's position in the global innovation landscape, and improve China's influence and rule-making ability in global science and technology governance.
"Every country cannot rely on its own strength to solve all the innovation problems. Countries and regions around the world have deepened international scientific and technological exchanges and cooperation as an important means to enhance their independent innovation capabilities and international competitiveness." Cao Jinghua, Director of the International Cooperation Bureau of the Chinese Academy of Sciences Said.
China must be strong, and the Chinese people must have a good life and must have strong technology. The world's scientific and technological revolution has flourished, and the tide of the tide has surged. As long as we are good at discovering opportunities, seizing opportunities, and making good use of opportunities, we will certainly provide impetus to promote high-quality development and write a wonderful chapter for the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
(Reporter Wu Weizheng, Zhao Yongxin, Yu Jianbin, Wu Yuehui, Gu Yekai, Yu Sinan, Liu Shiyao)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020190218ef2i000a7

##


News report
Enhancing the Ability of Science and Technology Innovation——A Review of the New Connotation of China's Important Strategic Opportunities for Development
4204 words
18 February 2019
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
"In today's world, technological innovation has become a key support for improving overall national strength, and has become a powerful leader in social production methods and lifestyle reforms. Who has taken the lead in technological innovation, who has taken the initiative in technological innovation, whoever Can take the lead and win the advantage."
"The core technology with independent intellectual property rights is the 'life gate' of the enterprise. Enterprises must continuously achieve breakthroughs in core technologies, master more key technologies with independent intellectual property rights, and control the leading role of industrial development."
"Technology competition is like short-track speed skating, we are accelerating, people are accelerating, and finally we must see who is faster and who is more sustainable."
......
Regarding scientific and technological innovation, General Secretary Xi Jinping used a metaphor of image to make a series of important expositions.
Since the founding of New China, especially since the reform and opening up, the party and the government have attached great importance to science and technology. From "moving to science" to welcoming "the spring of science", from "science and technology is the primary productive force" to "innovation is the first driving force to lead development", China's science and technology has been rushing to seize opportunities and continue to innovate.
At present, China's development is still in a period of important strategic opportunities. In the face of some of the key core technologies that rely on imports and are easily challenged by others, how can technological innovation be able to turn crises into opportunities, keep pace with the times, and continue to provide a strong impetus for China's high-quality development?
Market demand is growing stronger, major achievements are constantly emerging, and the road to innovation is getting wider and wider.
The level of science and technology affects the rise and fall of nationality
Historical experience has repeatedly shown that those countries that seize the opportunity of scientific and technological revolution and modernize are all countries with strong scientific foundations; those countries that seize the opportunity of technological revolution to become a world power are among the leading countries in important scientific and technological fields.
Since the beginning of the 21st century, global technological innovation has been unprecedentedly active. A new generation of information technology represented by artificial intelligence, quantum information, mobile communication, Internet of Things, and blockchain accelerates breakthrough applications, and new fields of life sciences represented by synthetic biology, gene editing, brain science, and regenerative medicine Transformation, advanced manufacturing technologies that integrate robots, digitization, and new materials are accelerating the transformation of manufacturing to intelligence, service, and green... A new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation is reshaping the global innovation landscape and reshaping the global economic structure. .
Opportunities always favor those who are prepared. In today's world, the science and technology revolution is in the ascendant, the tide is stirring, how is China's technology ready?
Undoubtedly, China has become a major technological power with great influence. The support and leading role of technological innovation in economic and social development is increasing.
Major innovations continue to emerge -
Major innovations such as the No. 4, Beidou No. 3, manned spaceflight, large aircraft, and neutrino oscillations have attracted worldwide attention; high-speed rail networks, mobile payments, and digital economy have led the world; deep-sea deep-seismic exploration, supercomputing, artificial intelligence, etc. The strategic high-tech sector facing major national needs continued to make major breakthroughs; the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress reached 58.5%.
The wave of innovation is constantly rushing. The young Zhejiang University professor Hu Haiyan received two e-mails from the Nobel Prize in Science after publishing two papers in Nature. The other party wanted to conduct a brain science project together and said, “This is the most valuable one in the future. Research"; the single results of the tumor immunotherapy drugs of the Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , the conversion benefit reached 457 million US dollars......
Some frontier fields have entered the parallel and leading stage internationally -
Artificial intelligence has been hailed as a strategic technology in the new round of scientific and technological revolution. The New York Times once wrote that another center of artificial intelligence in the world is in China. The rise of this field is not a few but a group of Chinese companies, Tencent, Baidu, Yitu, Shangtang... They began to put the R&D center in the US Silicon Valley. Relevant statistics show that the number of artificial intelligence enterprises, the number of patent applications and the scale of financing in China are second only to the United States, ranking second in the world; the world's most noteworthy 100 artificial intelligence enterprises, more than 20 Chinese companies. The Economist magazine even said: "The bosses of the technology companies in the United States wanted to see the world's most cutting-edge technology. Just push the door open. Now they have to fly to China to see it. ""
The support conditions for researchers, equipment, and funds are not the same as before -
As of 2018, the total number of R&D personnel in China is expected to reach 4.18 million, ranking first in the world. The number of invention patent applications and authorizations ranked first in the world, with high-tech enterprises reaching 181,000 and technology-based SMEs exceeding 130,000. The major technological infrastructure has undergone a process from small to large, from learning to independent innovation, and has built and put into use a large number of sparse neutron sources, strong magnetic field devices, synchrotron radiation sources, large-scale astronomical telescopes, and marine scientific research vessels. Large scientific installations, the number of facilities, construction scale and coverage areas have gradually expanded. In 2018, the proportion of R&D expenditure in GDP in the whole society is expected to be 2.15%.
"Once society has technical needs, this kind of demand will push science forward even more than ten universities." China is vigorously promoting supply-side structural reforms, promoting economic transformation to high quality, and not only for technological innovation. The unprecedented huge demand has also provided a huge market for the transformation of results.
From basic research to core technology research and development, scientific and technological achievements, words such as “original”, “key” and “leading” are increasingly appearing in the Chinese science and technology dictionary. The new kinetic energy that is constantly emerging in the field of science and technology is rapidly reshaping the pattern of economic growth and profoundly changing the way of production and production.
China's scientific and technological innovation has released vitality, cultivated self-confidence, identified coordinates, and explored the road of independent innovation with Chinese characteristics. Huai Jinpeng, party secretary and executive vice chairman of the China Association for Science and Technology, said: "Confidence is good, the road is right, the foundation is good, the market is big, and the driving force is strong. China's science and technology will surely seize the opportunity and take advantage of the momentum."
Deeply cultivate basic research, cultivate innovative atmosphere, and develop core technology research and development
The results are gratifying, but the reality is alarming: our key core technology innovation capabilities are still insufficient, and it is easy to be “kicked” by others.
China's annual output of steel exceeds half of the world's total output, and still does not produce some special steel. As the world's largest electronics manufacturer, China's annual integrated circuit imports amount to more than 200 billion US dollars; high-performance aircraft engines rely heavily on other countries, high-end The car is still dominated by foreign capital and joint venture brands...
It is expensive, not expensive. General Secretary Xi Jinping had long had an insight into the issue of "card neck". He repeatedly stressed on many occasions that "it is not always possible to rely on the scientific and technological achievements of others to improve their own technological level, and not to be a technical vassal of other countries. "The back of others is also step by step." "An Internet company, even if it is bigger and has a higher market value. If the core components are heavily dependent on foreign countries, and the 'life gate' of the supply chain is in the hands of others, it is like building a house on someone else's wall. If you are big and beautiful, you may not be able to withstand the wind and rain, and you may even be vulnerable."
Practice repeatedly tells us that the key core technology is whether it can't come, buy it, or can't. Only by taking key core technologies in their hands can we fundamentally safeguard national economic security, national defense security and other security.
Being "card necked" is a challenge and an opportunity. It forces us to vigorously promote independent innovation and catch up in the research and development of key core technologies.
——Innovative layout, let the enterprise become the real innovation subject.
“Technology that cannot go out of the laboratory cannot be called a key core technology. Only technology that can be transformed into a mature product and realize large-scale application is a veritable key core technology. It must fully understand the main position of enterprises in technological innovation. Li Guojie, the former director of the Institute of Computing Technology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the chairman of Shuguang Information Industry Co., Ltd., believes that not only must the scientific research strength of colleges and universities be used, but also the leading enterprises with technical strength and willingness to innovate, let them take the lead, unite colleges and universities. The institute worked together to tackle the problem.
——Innovative methods must increase investment in research and development and unswervingly continue to innovate.
"The core technology does not necessarily win, but there is no core technology to lose." After more than 10 years of continuous research, BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. has been promoted to a global leader by "primary school students" in the field of liquid crystal display. Chairman Wang Dongsheng has a personal experience of innovation. "The key core technology is not one day to overcome. It is necessary to take out real money and silver, continue to increase investment, and we must insist that Qingshan does not relax, do not retreat in the face of difficulties, do not turn in the face of temptation, maintain strategic strength, and continue to carry out technical research. ""
——In the scope of innovation, we must take a step forward and deepen basic research.
"The roots can only be leafy, and the source can be long." In the view of the Chinese Academy of Engineering academician He Hezhen, the key core technology innovation ability is insufficient. The root of the basic research is that the foundation of the basic research is not deep, the foundation is not strong, and the source is lacking. "We should find reasons at the roots, work hard at the source, encourage enterprises and colleges to strengthen basic research and original innovation, and lay a solid foundation for providing key core technologies."
——Innovative culture, vigorously create an innovative atmosphere of “tolerance failure”.
Innovation has always been a life of nine deaths, especially in key core technologies. The development of key core technologies means taking on higher risks and more failures than general technological innovations. It is necessary to vigorously create an innovative atmosphere of “encouraging innovation, and losing the glory”, and introducing incentive measures such as “allowing trial and error, not coming back”, so that the majority of scientific researchers can emancipate their minds, let go of their burdens, and go light, and dare to “hard bones” and bravely "No man's land."
“The key core technology is not unattainable.” Hu Zhijian, dean of the China Science and Technology Development Strategy Research Institute of the Ministry of Science and Technology, cited the example. After the founding of the People’s Republic of China, the older generation of scientists in China struggled hard and became self-reliant, creating a world miracle of “two bombs and one star”; Since the reform and opening up, the old and middle-aged scientific researchers have independently innovated and relayed their efforts. The manned space flight, the Beidou system and the lunar exploration project have made significant progress, and the world has attracted attention. "China's innovation conditions have been greatly improved, scientific research personnel have improved in quality, R&D equipment is increasingly sophisticated, and R&D expenditure is second in the world. China has huge market demand and strong institutional advantages. As long as we continue to carry forward the spirit of self-reliance and hard work, we are determined. Unswervingly taking the road of independent innovation, we will be able to achieve the autonomy and control of key core technologies, and firmly grasp the initiative of competition and development in our own hands."
"The scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation have profoundly changed the world's development pattern. We can only strive to achieve leapfrog development in some important scientific and technological fields in order to win the initiative in the new round of global competition," said Pan Jiaofeng, dean of the Science and Technology Strategy Consulting Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Breaking down institutional barriers, deepening scientific and technological cooperation, and stimulating more innovative kinetic energy
Science and technology are world-wide and contemporary. The development of science and technology must have a global vision and grasp the pulse of the times. Compared with the goal of building a world-class science and technology power, we still have a big gap. We need to continuously improve the overall strength of China's science and technology innovation in the process of comprehensively deepening reforms and comprehensively opening up.
If science and technology innovation is likened to the new engine of China's development, then reform is the ignition system necessary to ignite this new engine. It is necessary to take more effective measures to improve the ignition system and launch the new engine driven by innovation at full speed.
It is noted that the 2018 National Science and Technology Award is worth 8 million yuan, and is controlled by individuals. This is the first time in the past 20 years since the establishment of the National Science and Technology Award, the adjustment of the amount of awards and the distribution structure has fully demonstrated the party's incentives and care for science and technology workers. At the same time, the prizes for the National Natural Science Award, the Technical Invention Award and the Science and Technology Progress Award were also increased by 50%.
The implementation of the "Proposal on Deepening the Reform of the Science and Technology Award System" has led to many changes over the past year. This is one of them.
The most urgent thing to improve the ability of scientific and technological innovation is to remove institutional and institutional obstacles and maximize the liberation and stimulation of the enormous potential of science and technology as the primary productive forces. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, there have been clear ideas for deepening the reform of the science and technology system.
——Continuous efforts to reform the main areas of innovation, innovation, innovation, and innovation, strengthen national strategic and technological strength, and enhance the overall effectiveness of the national innovation system;
—— Optimize and strengthen the top-level design of the technology innovation system, and clarify the functional orientation of the innovation subjects of enterprises, universities and research institutes in different links of the innovation chain, and stimulate the passion and vitality of all kinds of subject innovation;
——Let the market play a guiding role in technology research and development direction, route selection, factor price, and allocation of various innovative elements, so that the market will play a decisive role in the allocation of innovative resources;
......
To enhance the ability of scientific and technological innovation, we must not close the door to engage in innovation, but we must make full use of the favorable conditions for comprehensively expanding and opening up, gather the strength of the four seas, and borrow the power of all parties.
Located in the remote Chinese Academy of Sciences Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, there are more than 100 foreign researchers from more than 30 countries. From a national perspective, there are many foreign researchers active in universities, research institutes and enterprises.
The 4th is equipped with 4 international scientific detection equipments to pursue the mysteries of the universe on the back of the moon; the Daya Bay Neutrino Experiment International Cooperation Group has opened the door to the future development of neutrinos; China Beidou is the “Belt and Road” countries and regions. Accurate satellite navigation services are provided throughout the world; the Chinese Academy of Sciences has led the establishment of the “Belt and Road” international scientific organization alliance...
In recent years, China has actively integrated into the global science and technology innovation network, actively participated in and led the international science programs and projects, developed many new technologies and products, and shared innovations with the people of the world.
At the new starting point, deepening international science and technology exchanges and cooperation, China's road to scientific and technological innovation will become broader and broader.
—— At the macro level, we must adhere to a global vision to plan and promote scientific and technological innovation, comprehensively strengthen international scientific and technological innovation cooperation, and encourage Chinese scientists to initiate and organize international science and technology cooperation plans;
—— Highlight key points, build “One Belt and One Road” into a road of innovation, and cooperate to build science and technology innovation alliances and technological innovation bases for countries along the route to create opportunities and platforms for common development of all countries;
-- Maximize the use of global innovation resources, comprehensively enhance China's position in the global innovation landscape, and improve China's influence and rule-making ability in global science and technology governance.
"Every country cannot rely on its own strength to solve all the innovation problems. Countries and regions around the world have deepened international scientific and technological exchanges and cooperation as an important means to enhance their independent innovation capabilities and international competitiveness." Cao Jinghua, Director of the International Cooperation Bureau of the Chinese Academy of Sciences Said.
China must be strong, and the Chinese people must have a good life and must have strong technology. The world's scientific and technological revolution has flourished, and the tide of the tide has surged. As long as we are good at discovering opportunities, seizing opportunities, and making good use of opportunities, we will certainly provide impetus to promote high-quality development and write a wonderful chapter for the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
(Reporter Wu Weizheng, Zhao Yongxin, Yu Jianbin, Wu Yuehui, Gu Yekai, Yu Sinan, Liu Shiyao)
People's Daily (01 February 20, 2019)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020190218ef2i00042

##

News report
After more than 30 years of development, it is called Shuanghui brand with international competitiveness.
1418 words
13 February 2019
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
From an insolvent inland small town meat joint factory, it has become a multinational company. After more than 30 years , Shuanghui Group has embarked on a development path of “Henan Shuanghui – China Shuanghui – International Shuanghui”.
Looking back on the past, Shuanglong Group Chairman Wan Long could not help but feel: "Shuanghui's development has benefited from reform and achieved openness. Without reform and opening up, there will be no Shuanghui today."
Reform and Innovation
"In 1984, the state canceled the policy of monopoly purchase and marketing of pigs. The local meat factory can only find a way to live. The Luohe City Meat Factory is no exception. This is the predecessor of Shuanghui." In the old family area of ??Shuanghui, Henan, a Shuanghui old The staff recalled the past and the memory is still fresh.
In the same year, in 1984, Bandung voted through the democratic vote of the staff and was elected as the director. The "three fires" he took up is the "three irons": breaking the iron wages, the bonus is tilted to the frontline workers, and more work and more; breaking the iron chair, the ability to go up, the flat down, the mediocrity; breaking the iron rice bowl , thoroughly remove the fishermen who swim in the water.
Bandung’s “three irons” is tantamount to an earthquake, but for the meat factory, it is a historical turning point: at the end of the year, the meat factory turned losses into profit.
On the road of reform and innovation, Shuanghui has never stopped. In 1991, it raised 16 million yuan and bought world-class automation equipment from Japan, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, and Austria to produce Shuanghui ham. In 2000, it introduced a modern, large-scale, standardized production line and took the lead in the cold meat mode. Introducing China...
However, the road to reform and innovation is not smooth. “In 2003, when Shuanghui Cold Meat Chain Store opened in other provinces, the “small knife hand” of individual meat sellers blocked the store door by hand, and did not let consumers enter; the relevant management departments repeatedly checked and repeated charges from the store; some places even Clearly stipulated that the ban on sales of Shuanghui products." A person in charge of Shuanghui Market revealed.
Shuanghui did not know how to retreat, Bandung insisted: If the industry needs a thunder, let Shuanghui come.
In the store with double-decorated fashion and clear windows, the neatly arranged and wide variety of cold meats are placed in the freezer, which is clearly priced and finally won the favor of consumers.
At present, Shuanghui has built 30 modern meat processing bases in 18 provinces and cities nationwide, forming a complete industrial chain, with an annual output of 4 million tons of meat products, more than 1 million sales terminals, and annual sales income of more than 50 billion yuan.
Transnational operation
In 2013, Shuanghui had a “big move”: Shuanghui’s $7.1 billion acquisition of Smithfield Foods, the world’s largest pork company. The latter was founded in 1936 as the world's largest producer of pigs and pork, and has many household names under its name. The headquarters of the company, the town of Smithfield, Virginia, is the world's most famous ham capital. .
"This is a strong alliance. Shuanghui not only harvests high-quality products, but also absorbs foreign advanced technology and management experience to promote its own reform and globalization." Zhang Jinjie, a researcher at the International Investment Research Institute of the Institute of World Economics and Politics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences said .
As expected, in the year after the merger, Shuanghui has integrated more than 100 subsidiaries of China, the United States and Europe, and formed Wanzhou International to be listed in Hong Kong. In 2016, Wanzhou International entered the world's top 500 and achieved sales revenue of 151.2 billion yuan in 2017.
"In 2018, more than four years ago, after the listing financing and the profit distribution of Chinese and American companies, we have already paid off more than $5 billion in loans at the time of the merger. Now we can go lightly." Bandung said that multinational operations are the inevitable result of Shuanghui. The choice is that only by deploying global resources and integrating global resources can we remain invincible in global competition.
Stick to the main business
"In Shuanghui, the quality control staff has absolute authority." Ma Xiangjie, president of Shuanghui Development, told reporters. Shuanghui has more than 800 quality control personnel to carry out on-site inspections, and conduct on-site supervision and control of product quality in strict accordance with the standards; successively invested 120 million yuan to purchase more than 3,000 sets of advanced testing equipments, forming the source of food, processing, The comprehensive inspection capability of the ex-factory products; establish a food safety risk information reporting mechanism linked with relevant national departments, report the risks detected by the monitoring in time, and facilitate the state to judge and control the risks.
"The quality of products is no small matter, food safety is as great as the sky", is an important corporate culture of Shuanghui. Bandung said that the meat industry is a traditional industry and a livelihood industry. It is also the industry most directly related to the people's sense of well-being and happiness. Therefore, Shuanghui always adheres to the quality policy of “Consumer’s safety and health is above everything else, Shuanghui’s brand image and reputation are above everything else”. By introducing, digesting and absorbing the advanced products, technologies, equipment and food safety control concepts of developed countries, Transforming the traditional meat industry with modern big industry, letting every household eat the meat.
In recent years, Shuanghui has continued to exert its strength in structural adjustment and transformation and upgrading, and launched a series of fresh meat and Western and Chinese meat products to meet the needs of consumption upgrading.
Bandung said that Shuanghui has a deep understanding of the benefits brought about by the reform and opening up. Today's Shuanghui will continue to take advantage of the opportunities of reform, opening up, and “One Belt, One Road” to build an internationalized industry and build an internationally competitive brand.
People's Daily (12th Edition, February 13, 2019)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020190213ef2d0007o

##


Technology
Independent innovation, the only way to climb the peak (technical point of view)
3538 words
21 January 2019
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Core reading is competing with peers on the world stage. We must create a "Chinese Kung Fu" scientific research path without shortcuts. Only down to earth, one step at a time, and accumulating to a certain extent, it is possible to achieve innovation and to enhance original research. The ability, relevant management departments and funding agencies should focus on the long-term, have the patience to nurture and train outstanding scientists, and support them to make original achievements. The 2018 National Science and Technology Awards Conference was held recently. In the warm applause, General Secretary Xi Jinping presented medals and certificates to the two academicians who won the highest scientific and technological awards of the country and other award-winning scientific and technological workers, and congratulated them with their warm handshake. Behind the tight handshake and sincere congratulations, it is a heavy dream of science and technology. Innovation, innovation, and innovation, the scientific and technological achievements commended by the National Science and Technology Awards record the solid footprints of China's innovation in recent years, refreshing the height of China's creation. From the perspective of award-winning projects, China's scientific and technological innovation has made positive progress, and a large number of key core technologies for major national needs have been broken, providing strong scientific and technological support for economic and social development, guarantee and improvement of people's livelihood, and safeguarding national defense. "The road of independent innovation with Chinese characteristics is an inevitable path and must be carried out unswervingly." The tremendous transformation brought about by the breakthrough of key core technologies highlights the importance of independent innovation. The key core technologies are related to the initiative and fundamental guarantee of competition and development. From the 2018 National Science and Technology Awards winning projects, there are a number of key core technologies for major national needs, which provide important strategic support for the high-quality development of strategic high-tech fields such as transportation, electric machinery and advanced manufacturing in China. These breakthroughs have further enhanced China's ability to innovate independently, and firmly grasped the initiative of development in its own hands. Traffic field, by Weichai PowerLeading the completion of the "critical technology and application of heavy-duty commercial vehicle powertrain", changing the passive situation of China's lack of core technology of heavy-duty powertrain; in the power field, conquering the power grid prevention and control technology of power grid disasters, social benefits are significant; energy field, deep depth The invention of high-precision wide-area electromagnetic exploration technology and equipment has realized the leap of resource detection technology from extensive type to fine type, providing a "Chinese model" for deep resource exploration. In addition, the independently developed Kylin operating system, rail transit permanent magnet traction system, large-size high-performance laser polarizing film components, steam turbine damping damping blades and other achievements have broken the monopoly of foreign countries and changed the situation that key core technologies are subject to people. The tremendous transformation brought about by breakthroughs in key core technologies highlights the importance of independent innovation. "Independent innovation does not go, blindly relying on technology introduction, it is difficult to get rid of the predicament of running behind others." National Science and Technology Progress Award second prize "large-scale ethylene and coal olefin plant complete process technology key additives technology and application project" The finisher Liu Kuansheng felt extremely profound. The key auxiliaries of domestic petrochemical large-scale ethylene plant systems have always relied mainly on imports. Foreign monopoly enterprises are not only asking for price from Chinese companies, but also requiring full payment of foreign exchange purchases three months in advance, which greatly affects the production costs of Chinese enterprises. And market competitiveness has seriously restricted the rapid development of China's ethylene industry. "Because there is no other choice, the negotiations with foreign companies at that time were extremely passive." Liu Kuansheng said, "We later developed our own key additives, and the results are good. Those well-known foreign companies even want to cooperate with us. "This kind of change makes Liu Kuansheng very emotional: "On the world stage, we compete with our peers. We must create a 'Chinese Kung Fu'. If we don't have our own set of skills, we can only passively beat them." Hyperspectral remote sensing technology can obtain More abundant and detailed material composition information is an important means to improve the understanding of nature and material, and the potential application fields are very extensive. The second winner of the National Science and Technology Progress Award, the first completion of the Hyperspectral Remote Sensing Information Mechanism and Multidisciplinary Application Project, Chinese Academy of SciencesZhang Bing, deputy director of the Institute of Remote Sensing and Digital Earth, led the team to start from basic research and clarify the problem from the source to occupy the commanding heights of innovation. By studying the basic theory and imaging mechanism of hyperspectral remote sensing, a complete set of hyperspectral remote sensing theory, method and application system is constructed, which finally solves the key technical bottlenecks in multi-domain applications. Zhang Bing believes: "Continuous basic theoretical research and accumulation make our team's research results always at the forefront of the international arena, become the leader of international hyperspectral remote sensing research, and realize the technical output of China's remote sensing technology to the United States, Japan, Australia and other countries. In Li Town, Jingzhou City, Hubei Province, at 3 o'clock in the evening, Huang Sanwen, a researcher at the Vegetable and Flower Research Institute of the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, put on the headlights and went to the fields to pick cucumbers. The 5,000-acre cucumber on Li Zhen is estimated to have a harvest of more than one billion. "Early harvest, early sales, can sell good prices. Although hard, but full of great joy." Huang Sanwen team won the second prize of the National Natural Science Award of 2018, by unraveling the "main switch" to regulate the bitterness of cucumber, To provide a theoretical basis for cultivating high-yield, new varieties that are resistant to insects and fruits, and to cultivate a series of cucumber varieties of “vegetable research”, successfully solved the production problem of the loss of commodity value of cucumber varieties in South China, and created about 8 billion The economic value of the yuan. "The first time I really felt that my achievements have brought about such a huge improvement in people's livelihood, this has given us tremendous motivation to carry out further research." Huang Sanwen firmly believes in continuing to be the "independent" independent innovation. Write the paper "on the earth." It is not easy to make a "breakthrough war" for independent innovation, but also to play a "protracted war" independent innovation process, which is often difficult. National Science and Technology Award-winning projects and teams have accumulated valuable research experience while harvesting results. Independent innovation must fight "breakthrough war", not only to follow others, to be bold, to dare to ask new questions and provide new methods. In the past few decades, various formulas on traditional electromagnetic exploration theory have appeared in textbooks at home and abroad, but no one has found that some formulas are actually wrong. Many people are convinced that textbooks cannot be wrong. "Some scholars in the United States later told me that they also thought that some of the original formulas had problems, but they did not expect to overthrow them, but only made improvements." The first prize of the 2018 National Technology Invention Award "large depth high-precision wide-area electromagnetic exploration technology He Jishan, a principal accomplished by the Chinese Academy of Engineering and the main project of the equipment project, said. Their team did not blindly follow, but after discovering the mistakes, by abandoning traditional thinking, breaking through the traditional foreign theories, establishing a new theory of curved wave electromagnetic exploration, and finally deducing the correct new formula. Independent innovation must do well Prepare for a "protracted war." Major original achievements and high-quality technical achievements cannot be achieved overnight. It is necessary to aim at the direction and continue to explore. In the 2018 National Natural Science Award, Technology Invention Award, and Science and Technology Progress Award, the three award-winning projects, from the establishment of the project to the publication or application of the results, the researchers have to sit on the "cold bench" for 11 years, of which nearly 10% of the projects have gone through more than 20 years of research and accumulation. Academician Liu Yongtan, winner of the 2018 National Science and Technology Awards, led the team for 37 years of research and development of the new radar system for China's sea exploration, all the way through the breakthrough of key technologies, applying theory to practice, and finally building a new China. The sturdy "Great Wall of Haiphong". Similarly, Qian Qihu, the winner of the highest science and technology award and academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, has been working in the field of protective engineering for more than 60 years. As the founder of China's modern protective engineering theory, he solved a series of problems in protective engineering and led the leap of China's protective engineering. development of. Yang Xinmin, a professor at Chongqing Normal University, has been a "cold bench" for 30 years. He has made great achievements in the field of mathematical theory research and won the second prize of the National Natural Science Award of 2018... Zhang Bing team in hyperspectral remote sensing The achievements were the result of 30 years of hard work by the team members and three generations of old, middle and young people. "There is no shortcut to the scientific research road. Only when you are down-to-earth, step by step and accumulate to a certain extent, it is possible to achieve innovation." Zhang Bing said. Academician Xue Qikun, who won the first prize of the National Natural Science Award in 2018, discovered by the experiment of quantum anomalous Hall effect: "The team lasted for 4 years and tested more than 1000 samples. Finally, quantum was observed in a special material experiment. Anomalous Hall effect. Scientific discovery sometimes relies on the spark of inspiration, but absolutely the spirit of 'Yugong Yishan'." Playing the "protracted war" is not simply adding time to the time, but insisting on its own direction and doing it thoroughly. Li Luming, a professor at Tsinghua University, the first person to complete the first prize of the 2018 National Science and Technology Progress Award, believes that after a certain degree of research, due to its versatility, many people will easily expand the face rather than continue. Go deep in this direction. "This is very unfavorable for the final major original achievements. We must study in one direction for a long time and continue to in-depth study. We must not go to the top of the list." Independent innovation must have strong self-confidence and determination. From the overall level of the award-winning project, China's independent innovation The ability has been improved to a certain extent, but compared with the international advanced level, there is indeed room for further improvement, and the vitality of innovation needs to be further stimulated. Independent innovation must have strong self-confidence and determination, and cannot be arrogant . Academician He Jishan admits that the team he led has encountered this test during the project research phase. "Our experimental results came out, the detection depth is more than 5 times larger than the foreign results, I dare not publish it, I feel that others will not believe it. Because the view at the time, the domestically developed instruments can reach 99% of foreign countries. It’s not bad. How can it surpass people’s times five times?” If front-line science and technology workers are to have confidence, then scientific research support and input that reflects “confidence” at the national level also needs to reflect stability and positive guidance. Especially for original innovation, it often requires long-term accumulation and there is great uncertainty. The characteristics of these original, basic research determine that they need relatively stable and stable support and support. Li Luming believes that it is necessary to establish a mechanism system for sustained and stable support for independent innovation, and to support bold research projects and teams in a bold and long-term manner, rather than giving up support because there is no result in the short term. “The continuous support from the Ministry of Science and Technology has enabled our researchers to study for more than ten years.” The Li Luming team is the beneficiary of the country's stable and sustained support. Zhang Bing believes that some research projects that over-emphasize competition are likely to cause support for “scraping flour”, and there are many people who can do it but who are not strong. “Research resources are used in low-level repetitive research, which means that projects that really need support are less invested.” The essence of innovation is talent-driven. Talent is the first resource for innovation. The core technology is self-controllable, and in the long run, the core technical talents are independently controllable. The National Science and Technology Progress Award Innovation Team and the leader of the Power Conversion and Control Innovation Team of Hunan University, Academician Luo An, believe that talent training is crucial and determines the success or failure of innovation. "In order to enhance the original research ability, relevant management departments and funding agencies should focus on the long-term, have the patience to nurture and train outstanding scientists, and support them to make original results." Xue Qikun said. Science and technology workers are looking forward to a more rational academic evaluation system and talent flow mechanism. On the podium of the 2018 National Science and Technology Awards, more and more companies are present, and 32% of the Science and Technology Progress Awards are joint innovations in production, education and research with the core of the company. This reflects the remarkable effect of the elements of innovation on the agglomeration of enterprises. Liu Kuansheng believes that the support for private enterprise innovation should continue to strengthen. Businesses and markets are getting closer and know what the market needs. It is difficult for private technology enterprises to make every R&D investment come from their own blood. Every penny spent is driven by market efficiency. "We look forward to continuously improving relevant supporting policies, and in addition to supporting universities, research institutes and large central enterprises, we will further attach importance to and encourage the innovation and development of private technology enterprises. Make it an important force for China's independent innovation. "Liu Kuansheng said, "In the increasingly fierce global competition, we have no more choices, and we must not follow the path of independent innovation. (Reporter Wu Yuehui, Yu Sinan, Gu Yekai, Liu Shiyao, Jiang Jianke, Yu Jianbin) Typographic Design: Cai Huawei
People's Daily (19th edition, January 21, 2019)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020190121ef1l00043

