##

Strong dollar and RMB exchange rate under trade war 
At 11:43 on January 2, 2019 from Caixin
1
++
Interval management should become an important means and new way of government exchange rate management. The lower limit is not to trigger systemic financial risks. The upper limit is to effectively alleviate the market pressure under the strong dollar and trade war.

[???] (column writer Zhou Yinggang special author Wang Yiming Cheng Xin reveals poetry) In 2018, the exchange rate of the RMB against the US dollar rose first and then fell, and the highest rose to the level near the start of the "8.11" exchange reform in 2015 , the lowest At the important psychological barrier, the two-way fluctuations have increased significantly. The main reason is the intertwined influence of Sino-US trade friction and the US dollar interest rate hike. The depreciation and stability forces are constantly playing. The international influence index of the RMB exchange rate compiled by the economics discipline of Xiamen University shows that the international influence of the RMB exchange rate continued to be under pressure for most of 2018, but it was temporarily stabilized in August and December 2018, as shown in Figure 1.

Looking forward to 2019, the RMB exchange rate and its international influence will be further under pressure. The Central Economic Work Conference stressed the need to keep the economy running in a reasonable range, and the interval management should become an important means and a new way for the government's exchange rate management. The lower limit is not to trigger systemic financial risks, and the upper limit is to effectively slow down the strong dollar and trade war. Market pressure.

##


Why is the influence of Chinese folk science and technology awards still small?
At 08:42 on February 18 2019 from Caixin
++
In the existing reward system, the status of the national award is still difficult to shake, and the awards established by social forces are gradually gaining fame, but in order to obtain long-term influence, it still needs time to test - from the beginning of the social awards in the 1980s. Some are short-lived, some have been interrupted, and more are "not warm"

On January 19th, the China Computer Society (CCF) held an annual awards conference.
Related reports
Is the trophy or award item? Four Questions National Science and Technology Award
More than 2,000 experts commented on the National Science and Technology Awards. Why do they have opinions?
??Source of works: "Intellectuals"

??Author | ??? ("Intelligence" master)

??Editor | Qing Ping

??"If it is a national award and a scholar's award, you can only accept one. Which one do you want?"

??When I left this slightly "inferior" question to Liu Yuzhe, he indulged for a moment: "The nature of the two awards is still very different. From a personal point of view, I should care more about (small) peer evaluation." . In the end, the two of us laughed together.

??I have to say that this is a very clever answer. No one can get a prize.

??Liu Yuzhe is an associate professor at the School of Information Science and Technology of Peking University. In October last year, he won the Young Scientist Award from CCF (China Computer Society) and IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers); and at the National Science and Technology Awards Conference on January 8 this year. In the past, he won the "First Prize of National Technology Inventions in 2018" as one of the accomplished people.

??Compared with science and technology awards in developed countries such as the United Kingdom and the United States, China's science and technology awards have traditionally been dominated by government-funded government awards. Social awards such as the Academy Awards are mostly unknown. However, things have been quietly changing in recent years.

??The Future Science Award, established three years ago, is known as the first prize of the Chinese mainland. The prize amount is up to 1 million US dollars, and its influence is increasing day by day. The most recent folk reward worthy of attention is the Tencent Foundation's first scientific exploration award, which was set up for 1 billion yuan. Each year, 50 young scientists were selected and given 600,000 yuan per year for five consecutive years. Registration started on January 23 this year).

??Since the State Council promulgated the "Regulations on National Science and Technology Awards" in 1999, the national five major awards, the provincial and ministerial level and social awards have been supplemented by the reward system for nearly 20 years. Perhaps it is an appropriate time to discuss - in the future, Will the social award gradually become an important pole?

New folk forces

??On January 4 this year, when the National Science and Technology Awards Conference was held for 4 days, the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Ministry of Finance adjusted the bonus standard of the National Science and Technology Award from 5 million yuan to 8 million yuan per person, and the personal income of the winners. (Previously 500,000 yuan personal income, 4.5 million yuan for research funding). This adjustment is so great that it has been rare for the award to be established for 20 years. Some commentators believe that this move is in line with the Nobel Prize and the domestic future grand prize.

??Of course, the prize money of some folk awards has already surpassed the national award. For example, the winner of the prize was established in 1994. The winner can get 1 million yuan. (The first mathematics winner, Mr. Wu Wenjun, could not believe this figure because he At that time, the monthly salary was only a few hundred yuan.) Later, the Shao Yifu Prize, which was established in 2002, also reached a prize of 1.2 million US dollars.

??Not only is the amount of prizes, but in terms of specific structure and operational mechanism, some social awards have already been ahead of the national awards. One of the characteristics is "not tossing".

??Talking about the experience of the Young Scientist Award, Liu Yizhe looked relaxed: "This award does not accept personal self-recommendation. At that time, a senior professor recommended me. The form is also very simple. There is no long story, hundreds of words are introduced. What kind of thing, then do not need to say how many papers were published, but selected 5 masterpieces, which took about an hour to complete."

??At the specific operational level, many domestic and international social awards have long been nominated, such as the Qiushi Award and the He Liang He Li Foundation Award (1994) mentioned above. In terms of internationalization, many nominations and judging of the awards are also in the forefront. For example, the selection committee of the Shao Yifu Award and the selection of mathematics, astronomy and biology awards established under it are mostly international experts.

??In the nomination work for the Future Awards in 2017, about 800 people from relevant disciplines at home and abroad, deans of university professional colleges, and heads of research institutes were invited. After the candidates were produced, the scientists invited "the same" according to the candidate's subject. World-class experts in the field write peer-reviewed letters, and each (candidate) accepts nominations from no less than five world-class experts, including their teachers, colleagues, and competitors."

??Of course, since 1999, the national award has also been adjusted, especially in 2017, the General Office of the State Council promulgated the "Proposal on Deepening the Reform of Science and Technology Award System", which has changed a lot. For example, the nomination system is implemented and the number of awards is further reduced. The total number does not exceed 300), the first prize of the unsuccessful election is no longer relegated to the second prize.

??It should be said that the reforms have achieved initial results. For example, in 2017, the National Natural Science Award and the National Technology Invention Award acceptance project, the proportion of experts recommended by individuals was 39.5% and 30.4%, respectively, which was significantly higher than before.

??On the other hand, from the existing regulations, the nomination and judging of the national awards are still relatively low. The nomination experts for the three national awards are limited to those who have won the national award and academicians of the two academies. From the catalogue and introduction of the 2018 National Natural Science Award-winning project, the nominated experts and units are all domestic; and the experts of the National Science and Technology Awards preliminary evaluation meeting this year, from the work unit, there are very few foreign experts. This is clearly different from many international awards. For example, the Queen's Engineering Award in the UK can be nominated by anyone or any unit in any country. The jury consists of 15 well-known scientists and engineers from 9 different countries.

??In contrast, the CCF awards have increased the degree of internationalization. From the award of the Young Scientist Awards Committee won by Liu Yuzhe, although they are all Chinese, many scientists who have employed many foreign units are still ACM (International Computer Association) Fellows and IEEE Fellows. Tao, Yu Chengxiang, Chen Yiran.

??The current Jingdong Group Pei Jian, vice president told me, because this award is jointly issued by CCF with the IEEE, a large number of judges are invited IEEE Fellow; Liu Xuan Zhe also believes that due to the IEEE and issued together so that the prize also has international influence force.

Rooted in the academic community

??Compared to large and comprehensive national awards, focusing on a particular field of awards, such as the evaluation of the Academy Awards, avoids horizontal comparisons between different disciplines, and highlights the role of small peer evaluation.

??"Peer review is an internationally accepted rule, but in many cases, some awards may be considered by big peers, such as information, but in fact, computers do not know much about electronics, and electronic ones don't understand computers." Liu Yuzhe said.

??In 2015, "Transparent Computing" won the first prize of the National Natural Science Award, and CCF recommended that the government withdraw from the national science and technology award review. It mentioned that "although in the process of judging the National Science and Technology Awards, relevant departments will hire experts in relevant fields as The judges, but the areas of specialization involved are very wide. In today's fast-changing science and technology, it is difficult for government departments to grasp the development trends in various fields of science and technology, and they do not know which experts have real academic judgment in which areas, so the evaluation process is prone to appear. Misjudgment, wrong judgment."

??From this point of view, the award of the Society is rooted in the judgment of the academic community of this profession, and the probability of mistakes in the award is low. "I feel that at least CCF has set a good example. Everyone knows that you should ask peers to evaluate it, and it is a third-party independent evaluation. It is easier to give this result to the organization, which is more likely to produce results that are basically recognized by peers." It is said that some of the prizes in the past have produced some controversy more or less, but he has never found any objection to the awards awarded by CCF.

??In addition to the rational design of nominations and reviews at the technical level to ensure the fairness and quality of the awards, another factor in determining the impact of the awards in China is whether the awards will result in "derived treatment". Some studies have pointed out that the so-called derivation treatment is commonly used in the "housing allocation, salary promotion, job title evaluation, access to more scientific resources, even spouse work arrangements, children's enrollment and other issues to enjoy preferential treatment ... ... scientific and technological personnel won the national science and technology progress After the prize, it is likely to be selected by the province, city or unit as a deputy to the National People's Congress, a member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, or various advanced and paced soldiers." (See Reference 15)

??Of course, the social awards are not completely without such benefits, but Liu Yuzhe believes that the award of the Institute is more of a kind of spiritual encouragement, and it is the affirmation of the work done by the peers over the years. From a global perspective, most of the learning awards also focus on honors, with a small number of one-off rewards, and do not directly benefit the winner's research or personal life.

??"For our researchers, there are two evaluations, one is the evaluation of the academic community, which is the peer evaluation; the other is the user's evaluation, the user evaluation is very direct, buy or not, do not use your product." Longxin Chief Scientist Hu Weiwu told me that in China's academic circles, the most important thing that the society should do is to evaluate the academic community because it is not utilitarian and more pure. Hu Weiwu just won the Wang Xuan Award from the CCF.

??Dai Xi, a professor of physics at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, said that the awards from the Foreign Physics Society are very low, mainly because of an honor. "Like my American Physical Society award this year, the prize money is only $3,000, but the credibility is very high."

??In the short run, the lack of "derivative treatment" social rewards seems to be a shortcoming, but because of its purity, perhaps in the long run, it can touch the essence of rewards - it reflects more of its academic ability. Recognition is an honor.

??"This may be a national situation in China. In foreign countries, basically academic circles are civil organizations to do academic evaluation. The government usually does not intervene. For example, ACM's Turing Award, it is not judged by the government. CCF gave me a lot. Confidence, under the correct guidance of the government, this kind of private industry organization can gradually grow up and play a big role." Yu Jian said.

Folk awards have a lot of influence and challenge

??In the existing reward system, the status of the national award is still difficult to shake, and the awards established by social forces, although gradually gaining fame, but to obtain long-term influence, still need time to test - from the social awards of the 1980s At the beginning, some are short-lived, some have appeared interrupted, and more are "not warm."

??Judging from the "Social Science and Technology Awards List" published by the National Science and Technology Awards Office, there are 269 social awards for existing registrations. Most of the awards are only known to people in the domestic industry, and there is a big gap between the awards in the same field in the world. For example, as early as 1987, the Chinese Physical Society established Hu Fugang, Rao Yutai, Ye Qisun, and Wu Youxun Physics Prize, but the influence has been limited to the domestic.

??"Frankly speaking, compared to the awards of the American and European Physical Society, the influence of several awards of the Chinese Physical Society is mainly limited to the domestic, international counterparts are not particularly valued," Dai Xi told me, the main reason is that the award process is too Closed, too much emphasis on the winners must be Chinese, and the work is mainly done in the country, and the international physics community awards, such as the American and European Physical Society awards, or the Dirac Prize, the Matisse Awards, etc. are all outside the region. The winners are open, so they can truly have international influence.

??In fact, in addition to the winners, most domestic social awards, from nomination to judging, are limited to the country. The CCF's attempt to cooperate with the authoritative international organization IEEE is also an idea, but from a deeper perspective, the influence of the award depends on the influence of the awarding institution. "We also want to see the development stage of the society. IEEE and ACM are indeed more mature than CCF." Jian told me that CCF only covers the whole country, and IEEE is a global organization. The pool of selection is different.

??Going out and these "hard fights" that have gained international reputation are not easy. It may be more sensible to find a position. For example, even the relatively international "Shao Yifu Award" only rewards mathematics, astronomy, and biology. Intentionally avoiding the Nobel Prize; the newly established Future Awards currently only reward scholars who have contributed in Greater China.

??However, for the sound development of Chinese science, there is no social award for international influence. In Dai Xi's view, it is not too urgent, and it can be taken slowly. Instead, it should pay attention to "Don't be arrogant".

??He observed that some domestic awards, such as the "Future Award" awards ceremony and CCTV's "Technology Festival", have the problem of entertainment and entertainment, and they are getting worse.

??"There are an important feature of these two activities, that is, paying attention to the stage effect. Through the dazzling light show and exaggerated stage design to highlight the 'scientific sense of science', the winners wearing the so-called tuxedo from the light and shadow to the stage, can not bear to look straight. Indeed, scientists should not be alone, but need to go to the public, but it should be through a solid science, rather than through the C-debut way." He said.

??Dai Xi also criticized the online selection of technology stars, tempting the poor candidates to desperately canvass for themselves in various circle of friends and students. "I would like to ask the online media that organizes this selection. Is this a technology reward? Super girl sea election?"

??He also mentioned that the effect of the "Future Award" on China's science and technology promotion is also very general, because the winners are "the domestic awards get a soft hand, the marginal effect of the bonus is worrying." He thinks that the more effective way is Use funds to support some of the most daring, particularly creative projects in science, or to fund Chinese scholars to conduct collaborative research abroad. Fortunately, the Tencent Science Discovery Award, launched this year , has not done anything more icing on the cake.

??Looking at it, there are more and more scientific and technological rewards at home and abroad. Among them, there are many people who are in the limelight, such as the scientific breakthrough award established by Russian Yuri Milne, initiated by Google, Facebook, Tencent, Alibaba , 23andMe and other companies. Sponsored by individuals, the individual bonus reached an astonishing $3 million. In this case, it is more difficult to establish a new award. How to differentiate the competition and establish a long-term reputation is worth considering. Even the most prestigious Nobel Prize, there are comments that many aspects of it have lagged behind the development of modern science.

??On that day, when I asked Liu Zhezhe to "make trouble" and forced him to make a choice, in addition to emphasizing peer evaluation, in fact his answer was not over. After he paused a little, he said the following paragraph -

??"The prize is a thing that has accumulated to a stage and it is a matter of course. A true scholar should not stop doing research because it does not get any title, stop teaching, stop curiosity and exploration of the world.... If I don't have If I get any prizes, I will stop doing research and not be a teacher. I believe it will not, because this is my interest in the subject of (computer). I also love the teacher from the heart and like the scholar.

??"For the folk science awards, this is not the case. Only rooted scholars, respecting peer evaluation, and experiencing time tests will eventually lead to success."




##

Cankao Xiaoxi


Western media said that China has changed from a poor country to a superpower for 40 years: creating great progress in human history
share it
2018-12-13 00:14:01 Source: Reference Message Network Editor: Wang Tianqi
++
Core Tip: Western media said that reform and opening up has made China the world's second largest economy in 40 years and has become a competitor of the United States in technological innovation and global influence. People's lives have escaped poverty and advanced toward the level of moderately developed countries.
The reference news network reported on December 13 that the Spanish Foreign Policy Bimonthly issue published in the November/December issue entitled "From Poor Countries to Superpowers" said that reform and opening up allowed China to return to the center of the world that it had had before the 19th century. From the world's factories, anti-corruption to the winners of globalization and multilateralism, China's generations of leading collectives have led China out of poverty. In the past 40 years, 700 million people have been lifted out of poverty. This is an unprecedented progress in human history. The "One Belt, One Road" initiative and the fight against climate change are the core of China's realization of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. There is still much work to be done to realize the Chinese dream.

The article said that when the Communist Party of China held the Third Plenary Session of the Eleventh Central Committee in December 1978, China was still a poor and isolated country, unable to meet the food and clothing problem of the 1 billion people at that time. Deng Xiaoping proposed a policy of reform and opening up at the meeting, which made China become the world's second largest economy 40 years later and became a competitor of the United States in terms of technological innovation and global influence. People's lives are free from poverty and progress toward the level of moderately developed countries.

The article said that there is no model to follow and no manual guidance, China alone began the largest economic development process. The reform began with agriculture, and rural communes were abolished, instead using collective and individual contract responsibility systems to encourage production. In 1980, the government decided to set up four special economic zones. As a test field to attract foreign investment and achieve production and export through preferential economic policies, the SAR economy has achieved extraordinary development.
The article said that the 1993 tax reform established a modern tax system for China, providing new funds for the government and facilitating the transformation of large state-owned enterprises. With the stability of state-owned enterprises, the construction of large-scale infrastructure began, which facilitated China's industrialization and export development. Millions of peasants have left the countryside to come to cities, work in construction or work in the thousands of factories that appear in the eastern coastal cities. Joining the WTO in 2001 has helped China's economic development, making China's trade with countless countries grow several times. China's low labor costs and stable environment have attracted many multinational companies to enter China, and China has become a "world factory". At the same time, fashion brand products, consumer goods, advanced technology and rich and varied diets have expanded in China's big cities, changing the face and design of the city.

The article also said that in the diplomatic field, China has been pursuing Deng Xiaoping's policy of "keeping a low profile" for the past 40 years, focusing on economic development and leading the people to get rid of poverty and become rich.

The article stated that Chinese leaders believe that the development of developing countries is crucial to promoting China's economic development and proposes three major strategies for the "rejuvenation of the Chinese nation." First, open diplomacy, use the economy to create new bilateral relations, and build a common system of cooperation and mutual benefit, so that ideal projects can promote healthy, sustainable and future-oriented development of the economy. The "One Belt, One Road" initiative launched for this purpose has become a global tool to help China become a superpower in the 21st century. Second, to become a technology pioneer, China hopes to lead the production of semiconductors, information engineering, computers, electric vehicles, robots and other scientific and technological fields. The firm support for innovation is due to the competitive confrontation between China and the United States. Third, combating climate change, the rapid development of the past 40 years has also caused serious pollution to land, water and air. In this situation, Chinese leaders regard combating climate change as a mission to safeguard the food and life safety of the Chinese people.

The article also pointed out that in the future, the reform and opening up should be steadily promoted, and the Chinese people's lives will reach the level of moderately developed countries. The Chinese government and society still have a long way to go.

##


Scholars predict that the competition among major powers will affect the geopolitical landscape of Asia
share it
2019-01-03 13:20:52 Source: Reference Message Network Editor: Tang Libin
++
Core Tip: The article said that in terms of regional influence in Asia, the United States will have to deal with not only China, but also Japan, Vietnam and South Korea's growing and different interests.
Reference News Network reported on January 3rd The American Diplomatic Scholars website published an exclusive interview with Tiberio Graziani, head of the International Institute for Global Analysis of Italy, on December 27, 2018. The following is an excerpt from the following:

Reporter: Looking forward to 2019, what are the major geopolitical challenges in Asia?

Graziani: Asia's major geopolitical challenges will involve relations between the United States, Japan and China. Despite the policy of Tokyo and Washington, it can be a mediator between Washington and Beijing.

At the geostrategic level, Washington must further advance the 2018 initiative to achieve full normalization of relations with Pyongyang. This will be a bumpy road, because the North Korean issue is still behind the conflicting interests between the United States and China. Another issue that will have a major geopolitical impact at the regional and global levels is related to China's "Belt and Road" initiative. In order to achieve its goals, Beijing will consolidate its relations with Iran and Russia.

Q: How will the further escalation of US-China trade tensions affect the global trading system?

A: In 2018, the Trump administration launched a real trade war against China. The tension between the United States and China is not only commercial but also strategic. The United States and China are vying for the absolute advantage of technology. This strategic confrontation will affect the entire global system, impact the global financial system, and determine the choices between countries around the world.

Q: How will the bickering relationship between the United States and China and Russia affect the EU?

A: From various aspects, weakening the EU is in the interests of the United States, Russia and China.

For the United States, Europe's political, economic and financial identity crisis will enable Washington to "manage" the economic recovery of the United States, especially in the case of Britain's traditional allies who have escaped the obligations associated with Brussels because of Brexit. . In addition, at the geostrategic level, the ongoing European crisis has enabled the United States to win time in North Africa and the Middle East, making costly decisions and taking responsibility.

For Russia, this issue is more subtle and tricky. The Kremlin said that the weak EU will be more compliant with the Ukrainian issue and the sanctions regime that has affected the Russian economy since 2014. In fact, a weakened EU in the medium and long term will be left to the strategic interests of the United States, because the EU is the eastern edge of the US geopolitical system established at the end of World War II. In the end, without a politically active EU, the real "glue" in Europe will be left with NATO's military diplomacy: this is certainly what Moscow does not want to see.

Europe is fragmented and it is impossible to develop a coherent and unified infrastructure development policy. In addition, the lack of true European foreign policy has left China with no real competitors in Africa other than the United States and Russia.

Q: What is the driving force behind the challenge of America's global leadership and regional influence in Asia in 2019?

A: In fact, I think we can't talk about the global hegemony of the United States today. In the past two years, the United States has regained control of South America, but even here it faces competition from China and Russia. The United States basically controls Europe through NATO. The United States affects the geopolitical and geostrategic postures of the Near East and the Middle East, but in these areas, Washington also feels the influence of Moscow and Tehran.

The United States still maintains its technological leadership, but it will have to deal with the growing interest of China and Russia in this field. As for regional influence in Asia, the United States will also have to deal with not only China but also Japan, Vietnam and South Korea's growing and different interests.

[Extended reading] US media forecast 2019 seven international focus

Reference News Network reported on January 1 The US "Vaux" magazine website published an article on December 24, 2018, predicting that there are seven most noteworthy global focus events in 2019.

The prospect of Brexit is disappointing?

The article said that Britain has entered a new year with various political crises. Prime Minister Teresa May is planning to vote on her Brexit agreement in the week of January 14, but it seems that the parliament will not be more likely to like the agreement in 2019 than in 2018. The only difference is that they voted a lot closer to the Brexit deadline of March 29, 2019.

The article said that if the United Kingdom did not approve the withdrawal agreement that day, there would be no agreement to leave the European Union, resulting in a scene like the dystopian novel: food and medicine shortages, flight grounding, port entry queues for miles. As a result, more and more people are calling for a second referendum - options may include simply staying in the EU.

Some "disengagement" voters realize that the prospect of Brexit is not as the number of people who regret it, but there are still serious differences on the issue of staying in the country.

Therefore, no matter what happens on March 29, 2019, there will be a large number of people in the UK who are disappointed.

US and China ease or upgrade?

The article said that the United States and China reached a certain compromise in the December 2020 summit of the G20 summit. It was reported that the two sides will hold talks in January 2019, but everything else is unpredictable. Experts say that tariffs and trade deficits seem likely to make progress, in part because tariffs are now seriously damaging parts of the United States and China is beginning to experience slower economic growth. However, on other issues such as intellectual property protection, the differences between the two sides are much greater. Moreover, it seems that there are new tensions between the two countries every day.

According to the article, this means that 2019 will be an unpredictable year for the two superpowers in the world.

"Democracy" is being tested again?

The article said that in 2018, Hungary and Poland went further to authoritarianism. Jay Bossonaro was elected president in Brazil, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan won re-election and a series of new powers, Nicaragua is in a hot political crisis, President Daniel Orr The extraordinary changes have intensified the suppression of civil society and freedom of the press.

The article said that in 2019, the democratic countries will be tested again. The far-right parties will still do everything possible to undermine the stability of Europe. Two democratic powers - India and Nigeria - will usher in controversial elections that may change the country's direction. The rule of law in the United States and its system may face a historic trial in 2019, and its congress has different opinions. The president is under pressure from multiple investigations. The question of 2019 is which side begins to win again and where to win.


##




163



Set a new goal to achieve high quality leap - set off a new round of thoughts and liberation
2018-12-26 16:42:10 Source: Binhai Times Report
0share to:
Credulity
WeChat
QQ space
Weibo
Times commentator
++

The Central Economic Work Conference once again conveys the signal that the high-quality development under the new development concept will continue to carry out the future, and the mission of driving the Bohai Rim region and the Three North Region with Beijing and Tianjin as the center remains. The new district on-site office meeting and the acceleration of the Binhai New Area Development and Opening Leading Group meeting further clarified the new goal of Binhai New Area: strive to create a prosperous and livable smart new city and become a coastal city with international influence; promote the new district to become a new growth pole in the capital city group. The new district will be built into Shenzhen in the north and Pudong in the north. Building a city of high-quality development and vitality, it will become the engine that leads Tianjin and drives the Bohai Rim region with clear and precise goals.
In 2006, the development and opening up of Binhai New Area became a national development strategy, which defined the mission, function and function, and became a new economic growth engine to drive regional development. Along with the pace of reform and opening up, Binhai New Area has been marching forward to build a modern new city from a saline-alkali beach.
Entering a new era, the development and opening up of Binhai New Area has been given a new mission. In the national strategy of coordinated development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, the new district is the core symbol zone of "one base and three districts". It has the estuary of radiating "three norths" and is the first free trade pilot zone in the north, with policy aggregation and factor aggregation. The new district is the Binhai New Area of ??Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei. Binhai New Area should learn from the advanced experience and concept of Shenzhen Special Economic Zone, Pudong New Area, and the pro-business and wealthy business. It will play an important role in regional development and become the driving force for Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, the capital city group and even the Bohai Sea region. One kernel, one growth pole. Shenzhen in the north and Pudong in the north are the targets and missions.
The new goal brings a new mission. Binhai New Area is facing the process of transition from the middle and late stage of industrialization to the modern port metropolis. It is facing the times and challenges of building a modern economic system to achieve high-quality development. It is facing the opportunities and challenges of further deepening reform and opening up and taking a new road. . The creation of a prosperous and livable smart new city in the new district is focused on building a modern economic system and promoting high-quality development, forming an agglomeration economy, an open economy, and a smart economy. The new goals are in line with the development of the new district, and the direction of development is more determined. This goal is the new mission of giving the new district a new era. It is the main goal of achieving high-quality development. It is the inevitable choice for the next step.

In order to achieve this goal, in addition to the confidence to win the battle, the determination to attack, and how far our thoughts can be released, how many subversive and breakthrough ideas can be put forward, what innovative policies can be introduced, Innovation system, innovation mechanism. These soft "innovative products" are the "roots" and "souls" of competitiveness. This is the key to challenging the will of Binhai. It is the core of testing the wisdom of Binhai and the value of the ultimate goal of testing.

The elevation has been fixed, fixed and fixed. Can you "kill a bloody road" to achieve coastal breakout, can you complete this high-quality catch-up and historical leap, and the challenge is once again placed in front of Binhai New Area.
##



Hong Kong media: China's first test S400 air defense system formed a combat power in less than half a year
2018-12-28 15:21:17 Source: Reference News Network (Beijing) Report
79share to:
Credulity
WeChat
QQ space
Weibo
++
 (Original title: Hong Kong media: China's first test S-400 air defense system formed its combat power in less than half a year)
According to a report on December 28th, the  Hong Kong "South China Morning Post" website reported that China and Russia continued to strengthen military cooperation, China successfully tested advanced air defense systems imported from Russia.
According to Russian media reports, the Chinese People's Liberation Army tested the S-400 "Arc de Triomphe" air defense system last month and successfully shot down a supersonic "ballistic target" approaching from 250 kilometers per second at a speed of 3,000 meters per second.

This is the first test conducted by the Chinese missile force since it received the last Russian missile system from the sea in July. China and Russia signed an S-400 contract in 2015 with a contract value of US$3 billion.
China is the first country to import a new generation of S-400 air defense systems, and the Russian-made S-300 system has been in service in China for more than 10 years.
S-400 air defense missile system
Some analysts believe that the news of Russia's open Chinese test seems to be aimed at highlighting the increasingly close Sino-Russian military relations while promoting its own S-400 system.
The report quoted Chinese military expert Li Jie as saying that such reports indicate that Russia hopes to demonstrate the importance of Sino-Russian relations at a time when the United States is at the same time disagreeing with China and Russia.
"Despite the pressure from the United States, the Russian military will continue to strengthen cooperation with the PLA in the fields of missiles and shipbuilding."
Over the past 10 years, China and Russia have actively strengthened military ties because both countries are competing with the United States for regional and global influence.
Military expert Song Zhongping believes that this test can be seen as an "advertising" made by the Russian military to promote the S-400 system.
"But it's also obvious that Chinese troops are proficient in operating the S-400 air defense system because they are already familiar with the S-300 system that China has been using since the 1990s."
Song Zhongping also pointed out that the "ballistic target" is still different from the real hypersonic missile.
"The advantages of hypersonic weapons include excellent maneuverability, such as gliding ability. These weapons are almost impossible to intercept because they fly too fast."
When Russian President Vladimir Putin visited India in October, India also signed an agreement with Russia to spend 5 billion US dollars to purchase 5 sets of S-400 systems.
Russia claims that the S-400 is an advanced air defense system capable of detecting and shooting down targets ranging from 10 to 27,000 meters, including ballistic missiles, enemy aircraft and drones, 600 kilometers away.
The S-400 system is said to be capable of simultaneously manipulating 72 ground-to-air missiles against 36 targets flying at speeds of up to 4,800 meters per second.
##


Central Bank: US S&P Global Company is allowed to enter China's credit rating market
2019-01-28 16:02:48 Source: Central Bank website report
7share to:
Credulity
WeChat
QQ space
Weibo
++
January 28, China People's Bank Business Management Department issued a notice on the US Standard & Poor's , a wholly owned subsidiary of global company (S & P.Global.Inc.) Set up in Beijing - Standard & Poor's credit rating (China) Co., Ltd. to be filed. On the same day, the China Association of Interbank Market Dealers also announced that it would accept the registration of the S&P Credit Rating (China) Co., Ltd. into the inter-bank bond market to conduct bond rating business. This indicates that S&P has been allowed to officially enter China to carry out credit rating business.
The opening up of the credit rating industry is an important part of the steady expansion of the financial market to the outside world. At present, the internationalization process of China's financial market is accelerating, and the introduction of international rating agencies is conducive to meeting the demands of international investors for diversifying RMB assets. It is also conducive to improving the quality of China's rating industry and improving the healthy development of China's financial market. Has a positive meaning.
In the next step, the People's Bank of China will continue to promote the opening of the credit rating industry and support more internationally-affected and qualified foreign credit rating agencies to enter the Chinese market. At the same time, the People's Bank of China will strengthen credit rating supervision, strengthen the market restraint mechanism, and give full play to the role of credit rating in risk disclosure and risk pricing. In particular, we will give full play to the role of credit rating in terms of improving the financing environment for private enterprises and small and micro enterprises, increasing the strength of the financial services entity economy, and guiding market expectations. (Finish)
##
Xi Jinping's important speech calls on compatriots on both sides of the strait to share their dreams
2019-01-30 10:21:20 Source: Xinhuanet Report
15share to:
Credulity
WeChat
QQ space
Weibo
++
 (Original title: Converging the majestic power to promote peaceful reunification - General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech calls on compatriots on both sides of the strait to share their dreams)
Xinhua News Agency reporter
"Taiwan's destiny is inseparable from the motherland. National unity is an irresistible historical trend. The benefits to compatriots on both sides of the strait are incalculable." Professor Chen Kongli of Xiamen University has been engaged in research on Taiwan issues for a long time. He is 89 years old and still serves as "unified for the motherland." "For the sake.
"Taiwan and the mainland belong to one China. Even if there is a small number of 'Taiwan independence' countercurrents, the national reunification will be completed." Luo Dingqi, 32, said on the Internet, "As a young Taiwanese, I look forward to the peaceful development of the cross-strait relations and the motherland. Peaceful reunification makes efforts."

At the beginning of the new year, General Secretary Xi Jinping delivered an important speech at the 40th anniversary of the publication of the Taiwan Compatriots, and comprehensively expounded on the major policy propositions based on the new era and promoting the peaceful reunification of the motherland in the great journey of national rejuvenation, and strongly resonated across the Taiwan Strait. And powerful appeal. Chen Kongli and Luo Dingqi's words of "one old and one small" express the common aspirations of compatriots on both sides of the strait to promote unity.
Common belief: Unification is the trend of history
"In modern China, it was bullied by the powers. Taiwan was invaded by foreigners for half a century and became a panic of the whole nation." As a scholar with a history major, Chen Kongli said that General Secretary Xi Jinping's speech recalled the history.
He believes that whether it is the humiliation and suffering of Taiwan compatriots under Japanese colonial rule, or the continuation of the Chinese civil war and the interference of external forces after 1949, the long-term isolation and confrontation between the two sides of the strait, resulting in the family separation, the separation of flesh and blood, are all Chinese people. An unforgettable historical trauma.
"As the General Secretary Xi said, the Taiwan issue is caused by ethnic unrest and will end with the national rejuvenation. Today, the country's comprehensive strength is constantly improving, its international status is increasing, and we are more capable and confident in solving Taiwan. Problems, smoothing the historical trauma, realizing national unity and benefiting compatriots on both sides of the strait." Chen Kongli said.
Zhai Jialin, chairman of the Taiwan Unification Alliance, is also a historical scholar. Forty years ago, he was dissatisfied with the dissipative history of separatist remarks on the island. He plunged into the study of Taiwan history and used iron to restore Japan's historical truth about Taiwan's colonial oppression and carry forward the patriotic spirit of the Taiwan people.
"History cannot be denied. Taiwan belongs to China. It is also internationally recognized. I firmly believe that the motherland will be unified. I will stick to my heart and protect the common historical memory of the two sides." He said that achieving unity is related to the well-being of the two sides of the strait. The desire is the inevitable requirement of national rejuvenation. General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech recalls history, enlightens today, and shows tomorrow. He painted the prospect of reunification of the motherland and made the Chinese on both sides of the strait more confident.
Common recognition: Unity is the direction of the compatriots
"General Secretary Xi's speech is far-sighted. With broad national sentiments and a high sense of historical mission, he has painted a beautiful vision of national unity for compatriots on both sides of the strait. Let future generations grow up in a common home of peace, tranquility, prosperity and dignity. The compatriots on both sides of the strait are in the same direction." Lu Li'an, president of the Shanghai Taiwan Federation, said.
Lu Li'an grew up in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, and later lived overseas. She has lived in the mainland for more than 20 years. Her special life experience has made her deeply agree with General Secretary Xi Jinping that "Taiwan's future lies in national unity and Taiwan's compatriots' welfare is in national rejuvenation". .
"General Secretary Xi's speech is full of sincere concern for Taiwan compatriots and reflects the high concern for the future of Taiwan and the well-being of the people. The Taiwan compatriots have seen the benefits of reunification. The social system and lifestyle of Taiwan compatriots will be fully respected. Private property, religious beliefs, and legitimate rights and interests will be fully guaranteed. Taiwan will be peaceful and peaceful, and the people will live and work in peace. And 'back to the big trees and good for the cold', Taiwan's economy and people's livelihood will be better, and Taiwan's ability to display talents will be wider. The impact will be even greater," Lulian said.
She severely criticized the political manipulation of the Taiwan authorities and the "Taiwan independence" forces. "Is it 'Love Taiwan'? They ignore the historical trend and the trend of the times, and ignore the Taiwanese people's desire to make close cross-strait exchanges and create prosperity. We must work hard not to make the island a gunpowder, and not let Taiwan become a vassal of foreign forces. And chips."
"Ending the country's division and smoothing the historical wounds. Peaceful reunification is Taiwan's brightest future." Taiwan's well-known current affairs commentator Huang Zhixian wrote that General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech is the clearest and most forward-looking "cross-strait" relationship. .
The intellectual woman, also born in southern Taiwan, bluntly said: "Unification is a historical trend that will not be reversed. Taiwan needs to be unified with the mainland to end the schizophrenic state of internal friction and contradiction for decades, to be normal and to find its own roots. After the reunification, Taiwanese can ride on the big platform of 1.4 billion compatriots of the same kind. Taiwan is not lost, but acquired."
"The two sides of the strait certainly belong to one China. Let us sit down and find and explore all the ways that we can integrate into one." Huang Zhixian said.
Common responsibility: Unity is the mission of the nation
"When General Secretary Xi Jinping speech repeatedly mentioned the 'unity', with particular emphasis on 'motherland must be unified, we are bound to unity', watch video live together in Taiwan, my family and I feel like being the venue, very encouraging." After the commemoration, Luo Dingqi sent a number of articles on the Internet, all of which are labeled "The motherland must be unified."
Luo Dingzhen's ancestors went to Taiwan from Fujian in the Daoguang Period of the Qing Dynasty, and he was the sixth generation. By 2015, this young man to the mainland to study, two years before marrying mainland girl as his wife, gave birth to a lovely child. He said that his family is a concrete manifestation of "a cross-strait family."
"Unification is the overall mission of the Chinese nation and a firm will of all Chinese people." Luo Dingqi said, "After reunification, Taiwan will no longer be regarded as a pawn by the United States and Japan. The most important thing is that it is backed by a strong motherland. Taiwanese will be more windy!"
During his studies in Beijing, Luo Dingzhen and his friends from the mainland founded the WeChat public account of "Cross-Strait Youth". "The general secretary said, 'we want the state and future of the nation's youth. To cross-strait youth bravely assumed responsibility, solidarity, hard work hand in hand. We warmly welcome the youth of Taiwan to the mainland Dream, Dream, Dream.' This earnest encouragement let me close and encouraged young people, we look forward to reunification of the motherland, the Chinese mainland compatriots to join hands round dream. "he said.
Commemoration day, also born in 1987, the new party spokesman issued a document Wangbing Zhong said, "unity is glorious, historical mission of justice," people of the island of Taiwan is committed to national unity Xi Jinping, general secretary of the speech, it is a great encouragement. Before the Spring Festival, he specially made a red sweater that gave netizens. On the top, he printed "The motherland must be unified, and it must be unified."
"As a Taiwanese in Zhengang (Shennan dialect, meaning authentic), we must strive for peaceful reunification and promote the happiness of the people of Taiwan through unity. This is our right." He said, "I want to shout from the bottom of my heart: do my best. We will promote the just cause of accomplishing the reunification of the country in a peaceful manner, and join the efforts of the whole life to build the work after reunification!"
At 4 o'clock on the morning of January 3, Wang Bingzhong wrote in Taipei: "On the winter, there is a plum on the ridge, and the leaves are not destroyed. The news of Yangchun is near, and I still make a squad! With all the islands embrace the Chinese heart. The patriots of the two sides clamored for each other. "There are many netizens on both sides of the straits competing to follow the thread, and have a message: "Good! I believe that the period of reunification is not far away, and I hope that the compatriots on both sides of the strait will join hands in the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation." (Reporter: Chen Jianxing, Shi Longhong, Zhang Li Xin, Fu Min, Xu Xiaoqing)

##





China Daily


The future can be expected, born to be colorful - the first version of the first financial APP APP
Source: Dongfang Net 2018-11-16 15:18:47
++
 On November 15th, 2018, the new version of the first financial APP12.0.0 was launched. While continuing to exert high-quality and deep original financial reports, the practicality and functionality of the client products have been greatly enhanced.
This revision still uses the core concept of "Professional Creation Value" as the core concept, and launches new content and functions such as personalized customization columns and financial video mass platform. It has improved in overall UI, channel setting and content quality, which has continued. Traditional advantages, and constantly polished out innovative content products, continue to lead the domestic professional financial information APP.
"Being" channel, associated stocks, the prophet is more exciting
First Financial APP added a super financial video and information integration application section last year - "Being", upgrading the original 7*24 hour information flow page into a "big investment information channel" integrating video, information flow and user interaction. ", established the first video scene of the trading hours on the Internet.
In this new edition, "Being" will further expand its potential and become a Level 1 channel, with the addition of individual stocks. When the user chooses to pay attention to the stocks, all the relevant stock information will be automatically collected and classified, and presented in full stereoscopically. This more targeted information function helps users filter out information that they don't want to pay attention to, greatly improving the user's use efficiency, allowing users to further expand from the simple "see content" to the "use content" direction.
The future can be expected, born to be colorful - the first version of the first financial APP APP
The "video" channel is richly integrated and sees more exciting
One of the biggest highlights of this revision is that the video channel is upgraded to a first-level channel, and the name is "must see". There are more than 10 secondary channels under it, and the content is extremely rich. Among them, "materials" as the highlight of the secondary channel, the first financial accumulation of more than 10 years of exclusive video material, re-excavation detonation. Another secondary channel, "finance business," systematically counts the famous enterprises and celebrities in the Chinese business tide since the reform, and refines their business wisdom. The recently launched "Times Followers" are interviews with management thoughts of heavyweight entrepreneurs. The test period has been sought after by many viewers.
The future can be expected, born to be colorful - the first version of the first financial APP APP
"Listen to TV" to liberate your eyes and listen to your ears.
"Listen to TV" new features online, a mobile phone can listen to the first financial TV program in real time. Even if you turn off the screen or auto lock screen, you can receive professional information as long as you don't click the close button.
When the user concentrates on driving, when he is in the big market, when he can't liberate his hands, when his eyes are occupied, he can use the "Financial TV" function of the First Financial APP to "listen to the ear and be wonderful."
The future can be expected, born to be colorful - the first version of the first financial APP APP
New media reports, and 18 years of harvest
In the past year, the First Financial APP won several awards, including the 2017 potential project at the Future Media Summit, the 2017 Shanghai Radio and Television "Media People Award", and the 2018 iResearch "Enterprise Service Innovation" Award. These honors fully demonstrate that the projects, products and services of the First Financial APP are among the best in the vertical category of financial information APP.
In the future, the First Financial and Economics APP will continue the strength and influence of the traditional platform, and continue to exert its strength in the content of the head, and strive to further strengthen the brand awareness of "First Financial" in the field of new media communication, and achieve the leading position in the industry. A Financial APP has created a new digital financial media and information service platform with the most credibility and global influence in China.
Appstore, Android market search "First Financial" can be downloaded.

##
Add stability to the international situation at key points (bells)
Source: People's Daily 2018-12-07 08:00:40
++
Regardless of whether the future is sunny or rainy, China will always work together with all countries to achieve mutual benefit and win-win results.
From November 27th to December 5th, Chinese President Xi Jinping paid a state visit to Spain, Argentina, Panama and Portugal and attended the 13th summit of the G20 leaders in Argentina. Through this successful major diplomatic action, the world once again sees that no matter how the international situation changes, China has always maintained its strategic strength and sobriety, with constructive attitude and proactive actions, adding to the international situation at the critical juncture. Lack of stability.
The stability from China is reflected in the responsible position of maintaining multilateralism and strengthening global governance. In the face of endless global challenges, countries will not have better choices than to strengthen multilateral cooperation. The G20 is an important product and embodiment of multilateral cooperation. Ten years ago, the G20 Leaders Summit mechanism was born in response to the international financial crisis and played an important role in pushing the world economy out of the bottom. Today, 10 years later, the world economy is once again facing a historic choice. Breaking the deep-seated impact of the financial crisis, promoting the transformation of old and new kinetic energy of economic growth, and overcoming the social pressures accompanying the technological and industrial revolution, all the practical challenges call for the G20 to continue to demonstrate its strategic vision and maintain multilateralism and improve global governance. Play a leading role.
Focusing on pushing the G20 parties to take a responsible attitude to grasp the direction of the world economy, President Xi Jinping made four guiding actions during his guiding speech at the summit: insisting on open cooperation and maintaining the multilateral trading system; adhering to the spirit of partnership and strengthening macroeconomic policy coordination Adhere to innovation and lead the way to tap the momentum of economic growth; adhere to universal benefits and promote global inclusive development. These initiatives closely follow the changes in the situation and answer the propositions of the times. They are conducive to promoting a strong, sustainable, balanced and inclusive growth of the world economy. They have reached a consensus on the major international issues and promoted the leader's declaration. Important role.
The stability from China is reflected in the positive role of promoting the positive interaction of big power relations. Great powers have an important responsibility for the region and the future of the world. At present, the international system is undergoing profound changes, and the international community is generally full of worries about changes in the situation. In this context, only by increasing communication and maintaining positive interaction between major powers can we add stability and certainty to the adjustment of the pattern.
During the G20 Summit, the meeting between President Xi Jinping and US President Trump has attracted worldwide attention. The international community generally hopes that the two heads of state can plan and direct the development of bilateral relations through this meeting. Along with the attention of the world, China and the United States agreed to jointly promote Sino-US relations based on coordination, cooperation and stability, and promote exchanges and cooperation in various fields in the two countries to achieve more results. This important consensus is not only in the interests of both China and the United States, but also in line with the expectations of the international community. Sino-Russian relations with high levels and specialities are a model for today's world powers. The summit of the G20 leaders, President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin continued the tradition of meeting on important multilateral occasions, jointly planning for the 70th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries next year, leading the China-Russia comprehensive strategic partnership of cooperation to a higher level. .
The stability from China is reflected in the deepening of the cooperative orientation of partnership. Over the past few years, the overall cooperation between China and Europe and China and Latin America has been continuously improved, which has helped the development of both sides and the international influence has been expanding. This time, President Xi Jinping's visit to Spain, Argentina, Panama and Portugal not only injected a strong impetus to the bilateral cooperation between China and the four countries, but also brought new impetus to the continued cooperation between China and Europe and China and Latin America.
It can be seen from this visit that as China further deepens reform and expands its opening up, the opportunities for development released to the world are increasing, and the momentum and confidence of countries to strengthen partnership with China and achieve win-win cooperation and cooperation continue to strengthen. Through President Xi Jinping's visit, the intention of the integration of Spain, Argentina, Panama and Portugal into the "Belt and Road" cooperation has been further strengthened, and the space for pragmatic cooperation with China is becoming broader. The view of Spanish Prime Minister Sanchez is very representative - in this era of change, Spain is paying more and more attention to Asia, especially to China that is increasingly going to the world.
Focusing on the future, the tide of human development and progress is rolling forward, and the world economy is fluctuating, but the general trend of countries moving toward openness and integration has not changed. Regardless of whether the future is sunny or rainy, China will always work together with all countries to achieve mutual benefit and win-win results. Today in the 21st century, such a choice is the result of economic laws and the only correct choice in line with the historical logic of human social development.
##


2018 Chinese University Overseas Network Communication Report released in Beijing
Author: Diao Yun Jiao Source: China Daily2019-01-09 10:25?
++
China Daily News January 9 (Reporter Yan Yunjiao) "2018 Chinese University Overseas Network Communication" report was released in Beijing on the 8th. According to the report, the top ten overseas network communication powers of mainland (continental) universities in 2018 are: Peking University, Tsinghua University, China Academy of Art, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Nanjing University, Zhejiang University, Fudan University, Tianjin University, Beijing Airlines Aerospace University, Sichuan University.


Top 20 Mainland universities
In addition, the report also released the overseas network communication rankings of universities across the Taiwan Straits and Hong Kong and Macao in 2018, among which the top ten are: Peking University, Tsinghua University, City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong University, China Academy of Art, Hong Kong Baptist University Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Taiwan Normal University, University of Macau, Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Among the 184 colleges and universities, the top 20 universities (with * are the universities in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan)
According to reports, the report selected 184 colleges and universities in China to conduct inspections, including 141 mainland universities (covering all "double-first" universities and former 211 universities) and 43 universities in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan. At the same time, four Japanese and Korean universities and four American universities were selected as reference. The six platforms of Google, Wikipedia, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube were used to analyze the overseas network communication of Chinese universities. The report was jointly released by Beijing New Media Communication Research Center, Beijing Normal University Education News and Media Research Center, Guangming Daily Think Tank Research and Publication Center and China Daily.
The study found that the traditional overseas universities in China have obvious advantages in overseas network communication. Some colleges with distinctive academic advantages have been unique in recent years, and they have formed their own communication advantages in overseas network communication. In addition, the overall overseas network communication power of universities in Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou and Nanjing is more prominent. Eight of the top ten universities are located in these four cities.
The conference site. China Daily News
The research results also show that colleges and universities in China generally ignore the construction of overseas social networking platforms, and the construction of overseas social platforms is relatively weak. Only 40 universities in mainland universities have Twitter accounts, 134 colleges with Facebook accounts, 32 universities with Instagram accounts, and 28 universities with YouTube accounts. At the same time, colleges and universities in China generally lack the official certification of various social platforms, and lack of credibility. Only Peking University and Tsinghua University have done a good job in this regard. In the three social platforms of Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, the number of colleges and universities in China is relatively small, and the attention is not enough. The number of fans is quite different from that of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan universities. There is not enough active social platform in China's mainland universities. There are only five mainland universities with more than one hundred published in Twitter.
As an important business card for the overseas dissemination of China's national image, Chinese universities' overseas communication power construction not only enhances their international influence, but also helps to enhance the country's voice and cultural soft power. With the continuous deepening of the "double first-class" construction, all colleges and universities should accelerate the construction of their overseas network communication power, continuously improve their international influence, and actively carry out international exchanges and cooperation.

(Editor: Li Haipeng)

##

Promote the formation of a strong domestic market, will do so in 2019!
Author: He Yuxin, Liu Yang Yang, Zhang Xinxin, Anbei, to Jenny, Zhao Wenjun Source: Xinhua2019-01-24 13:40?
++
The Central Economic Work Conference made it clear that a major task in 2019 was to promote the formation of a strong domestic market. In recent times, the work of various ministries has been held intensively. Around this key task, many ministries have made new plans and made practical moves. The "Xinhua Viewpoint" reporter conducted a follow-up interview.
Expanding the new growth point of consumption: this is a very promising domestic market
[Expanding and upgrading consumption]
Measures will be taken to stabilize the consumption of hot products such as automobiles and home appliances; improve the supporting policies for housing leasing, housekeeping services, old-age care, and child care; tap the rural online shopping and rural tourism consumption potential; and break the investment in social fields such as culture and sports. Institutional and institutional obstacles; the introduction of policies and measures to vigorously develop old-age care services and infant and child care services under 3 years of age; and carry out in-depth domestic education training and promotion actions.
Promote urban consumption, promote convenience store chain, brand development, transform the vegetable market and other community commercial outlets; expand rural consumption, promote e-commerce into rural areas, special commercial and trade town construction, farmer market transformation and upgrading, etc., promote "industrial products Going to the countryside, agricultural products into the city, etc.
[Enhanced spending power]
In many places, the minimum wage standard and basic pension are raised; the special additional deduction policy for personal income tax will be implemented in full, which will further reduce personal tax burden; promote the five "business poverty alleviation" of e-commerce, housekeeping, foreign labor, industry and border trade, and increase farmers' income.
[Improve the consumer environment]
Focusing on the safety of the tip of the tongue, it will focus on the special treatment of food safety in infant food, campus food, health food, cottage food, small catering, network catering, etc.; start a new round of infant formula milk powder production enterprise system inspection; Focus on the rectification of the business platform, specialize in the control of infringement counterfeiting, price fraud, false propaganda, fake Haitao; strengthen the advertising review of food, medicine, cosmetics, medical equipment.
[Ministry of the Ministries] Ning Jizhen, director of the National Bureau of Statistics, said that the trend of continuous expansion and upgrading of consumption is obvious, mainly including "four upgrades": the entire consumption continues to upgrade to service consumption; the consumption of goods is upgraded to medium and high-end; Increase efficiency and upgrade; offline consumption is upgraded to online and offline.
Minister of Commerce Zhong Shan said that market demand is a scarce resource in the world. In 2019, it will continue to implement the consumption upgrade action plan from the supply side, so that the people can eat with confidence, wear the heart, use it comfortably, and better meet the people's good. daily needs.
Increase investment in infrastructure, etc.: This is a driving domestic market with strong driving force
[Increase investment in infrastructure such as transportation and logistics]
We will increase investment in short-board investment in areas such as poverty alleviation, agriculture and rural areas, water conservancy, ecological and environmental protection, social and people's livelihood, energy, and transportation infrastructure.
Newly rebuilt rural roads of 200,000 kilometers to achieve qualified hardship roads in towns and villages with established conditions; 5,000 newly-built bus-building villages, including 3,000 poverty-stricken areas; realized 260 urban traffic card interconnections; realized mobile phone mobile payment at high speed Full coverage of highway manual toll lanes.
Innovate the circulation method, optimize and upgrade the billion-dollar commodity trading market, foster modern supply chain, promote the integration of online and offline distribution of enterprises, and promote the effective connection between supply and demand.
[Strengthening new infrastructure construction]
Promote the construction of artificial intelligence, industrial Internet, and Internet of Things. Continue to carry out network speed-up and fee reduction, launch broadband network "double G double-lift, same network same speed" action, accelerate the promotion of fixed broadband Gigabit applications.
The R&D process of 5G chips and terminals is accelerating, and 5G terminals are expected to meet with users as soon as possible. Some enterprises are expected to launch mobile phones for users to test and use in 2019; accelerate the integration of industrial Internet and 5G applications; further promote 5G and agriculture, transportation Collaborative innovation in various fields such as medical care and education.
[Ministry of the Ministries] Li Xiaopeng, Minister of the Ministry of Transport, said that through the promotion of transportation technology, the road for people to travel is smoother. To make the people go smoothly, it is necessary to further strengthen high-quality transportation services and promote the alleviation of urban traffic congestion.
The Ministry of Finance stated that it should properly arrange capital investment, focus on supporting major national strategies, implement the resettlement of poverty-stricken areas, and implement the infrastructure of the poverty-stricken areas, especially the "three districts and three states", the prevention and control of pollution, and the transformation of shantytowns. Decision making deployment.
Focus on nurturing new kinetic energy: this is a huge domestic market with great potential
[Core technology attack]
Vigorously support the key core technologies to tackle the problem; moderately advance the construction of major technological infrastructure, and further improve the policy measures such as bidding and government procurement to support the first (set) demonstration application.
[renovating traditional industries]
Implement a number of major projects for technological transformation and transformation and upgrading of manufacturing industries; increase policy support, effectively guide and support the transformation of land, finance, innovation, talents and other elements to traditional industries, and promote the integration of traditional industries into digital, networked and intelligent Upgrade; increase financial support, provide medium and long-term capital supply for technological transformation and transformation and upgrading of manufacturing enterprises.
[Strengthening new kinetic energy]
Strengthen the construction of national innovation system, accelerate the pace of construction of global influence science and technology innovation centers; revise the catalogue of key products and services for strategic emerging industries, accelerate the construction of a number of national industrial innovation centers; upgrade various types of "double-creative" platform carriers; The comprehensive reform of the industry will promote the deep integration of advanced manufacturing and modern service industries; and solidly promote the construction of national logistics hub networks.
[Ministry of the Ministry of Industry] Miao Wei, Minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, said that it will promote innovation and development in key areas, strengthen key core technologies, and build platforms for new materials production and application demonstrations, and strengthen intellectual property protection and standardization.
Any Lifeng of the National Development and Reform Commission said that it is necessary to speed up the upgrading of traditional industries, which is a huge domestic market. Vigorously promote the high-quality development of the manufacturing industry, implement a number of major projects in technological transformation and transformation and upgrading of manufacturing industries, and increase policy support.
##


China News

Current affairs
[Current Administration] The State Council Office issued the "Implementation Plan for Accelerating the Modernization of Education (2018-2022)"
684 words
23 February 2019
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++

??China news agency, Beijing, February 23rd, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council recently issued the "Implementation Plan for Accelerating the Modernization of Education (2018-2022)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Implementation Plan"), which will be worked for five years. We will comprehensively realize the goal of universal education at all levels and comprehensively build a modern education system.

??In response to the implementation principles of accelerating the modernization of education, the "Implementation Plan" proposes to be based on the current and focus on the long-term; focus on the key points, drive the overall situation; problem-oriented, reform and innovation; zoning planning, classification promotion. The overall goal is: After five years of hard work, comprehensively realize the goal of popularizing education at all levels and comprehensively construct a modern education system, and the overall strength of education and international influence will be greatly enhanced. Achieve higher levels and more quality of popularization, education reform and development results will benefit all the people more equitably, the ability of education services to economic and social development will be significantly improved, and the issues of education hotspots of social concern will be effectively alleviated, and diversified alternative quality education will be more abundant resources, the people to further expand access to education, learning great country was built design made important progress.

??The "Implementation Plan" puts forward ten key tasks to promote the modernization of education: implement the new era of Lideshu people project, promote the consolidation and improvement of basic education, deepen the integration of vocational education and education, promote the connotation development of higher education, and comprehensively strengthen the construction of teachers in the new era We will vigorously promote education informatization, implement the plan for the revitalization of education in the central and western regions, promote regional innovation experiments in education modernization, promote the joint implementation of the "Belt and Road" education, and deepen the comprehensive reform of education in key areas.

??In response to the safeguard measures to promote the modernization of education, the "Implementation Plan" pointed out: First, comprehensively strengthen the party building of the education system, continuously improve the quality of party building in the education system, and unswervingly promote the comprehensive and strict development of the party to the depth. Second, comprehensively promote the rule of law, accelerate the improvement of the education legal system, accelerate the reform of the educational administrative law enforcement system, establish and improve the legal system of the education system, strengthen the rule of law in schools, and extensively carry out the education of juvenile rule of law. The third is to improve the investment and management mechanism of education funds, improve the financial education investment mechanism, and fully implement performance management. The fourth is to strengthen education supervision and evaluation, effectively play the role of education supervision "supervising evaluation, inspection and acceptance, quality monitoring" to ensure that education is given priority to quality development. (Finish)

534545900

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020190223ef2n001e2
##

Finance
[Finance] (the first entry fair) opened the door to welcome "Wan Guoshang" China and the world shared development opportunities
985 words
18 October 2018
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
China News Service, Shanghai, October 18 (Reporter ??) In another 18 days, the first China International Import Expo will be held at the Shanghai National Convention and Exhibition Center. The "Clover" pavilion will gather in the eight-party business and reproduce the "Cangguan" The three-way road in Yingli, the prosperity of the sea, the prosperity of the country.

??This is the first national-level fair to be imported in China. From "Made in China to Sell the World" to "Buy the World in the Chinese Market", China has practised its commitment to expand opening up with practical actions and shared new opportunities for China's development with the world.

??The experience of China's 40 years of reform and opening up shows that opening up to the outside world is the only way to promote economic and social development. On many major occasions, Chinese leaders have profoundly expounded China's stance on economic globalization and demonstrated to the international community China's determination to support economic globalization, trade liberalization and facilitation.

??The current development of e-commerce has already made international transactions break through the restrictions of fixed places and exact locations, but why do you want to gather merchants from all over the world? According to Gan Chunhui, deputy dean of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, the Chinese government hopes to further demonstrate to the world the sincere willingness of China to open its market by such a seemingly traditional form of exhibition.

??The data shows that more than 2,800 exhibitors from this year's Expo include all members of the G20, covering more than 50 countries and regions along the "Belt and Road". What is more worth mentioning is that more than 30 of the 44 least developed countries in the world will come to the exhibition, and there are more than 150 contracted companies.

??At present, China's largest consumer market in the world has entered the fast lane of consumption upgrade. The holding of the Expo will not only meet the diversified needs of Chinese consumers, but also allow the countries of the world to catch the "China" economic express and share the Chinese economy. New opportunities brought about by development.

??Ke Jing, an assistant researcher at the Institute of International Studies at the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, believes that as a global trading power, China uses its international influence and international trade resources to organize its participation in the Expo, not only considering how to achieve its own development, but also thinking about how to develop its development results. Better and more universally distributed in the international community.

??Pu Jianfei, president of France's Lesford Group Greater China, said that the company is very optimistic about the platform of the import fair, not only hopes to find a wider sales channel for the products, but also hopes to find suppliers, solution providers and other partners to optimize the music The layout of Fu in China and other markets around the world.

??In addition to the consumption level, the Expo will also become an important path to promote industrial structure upgrading and enhance competitiveness by introducing advanced technology and equipment.

??In many high-tech fields, there is still a certain gap between China and international development. As far as the water-soluble polymer new materials industry is concerned, many resource-based raw materials can be produced in only two or three countries around the world, for Chinese companies with large purchases. The price has become a bigger threshold. Wang Yu, founder of Shanghai Yuang Technology, said frankly: "I am very happy to know that I want to hold a fair. First, the reduction of tariffs is the most direct benefit for us, not to mention the fact that we can communicate with other international counterparts on the ground."

??For such competitions on the same stage, Gan Chunhui said: "Incoming Expos means introducing more foreign competitors in the Chinese market, which will have a competitive effect, promote China's supply-side structural reforms, and encourage local companies to improve product quality. Promote technological progress." (End)

491510370

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020181018eeai000xe
##

Hong Kong and Macau
[Hong Kong and Macao] Chen Yuan: Hong Kong should cooperate with the internationalization of the RMB and the "One Belt, One Road" coordination
879 words
31 August 2018
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
?China News Service, Hong Kong, August 31st, Chen Yuan, vice chairman of the 12th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference and director of the Silk Road Planning Research, wrote in the September issue of "Zijing" magazine that in the process of promoting the "Belt and Road" construction, financial and Investment has a unique position and role. Hong Kong should coordinate with the internationalization of the RMB and the "One Belt, One Road" to promote and develop the offshore RMB business.

??In his article, he pointed out that the "Belt and Road Initiative" proposed five years, and a number of benchmarking and demonstration projects along the line of the country gradually blossomed, and the "five links" began to change from a strategic concept to a realistic one. The "One Belt, One Road" construction has achieved remarkable results in all aspects of work, won the universal attention and extensive response of the international community, and enhanced China's international influence and appeal.

??Chen Yuan emphasized that the "Belt and Road" is an objective requirement for international economic and social development, a real hope for economically backward areas to get rid of poverty and become rich, and a "winding" for expanding development space in developed markets. We must fully understand the significance of the "Belt and Road", vigorously develop international financial cooperation, accelerate the building of a modern economic system, unite and work together to create a new pattern of global economic cooperation.

??He believes that finance and investment have a unique position and role in promoting the construction of the "Belt and Road". Financial cooperation among countries can be divided into three levels: business, market and currency. In the process of promoting the "One Belt, One Road" international cooperation, we must fully consider these different levels of problems and strive to achieve mutual benefit and win-win results.

??Chen Yuan pointed out that there is a broad space for development finance to give full play to its own advantages and support the construction of the "Belt and Road". To this end, he made three suggestions: comprehensive consideration of all elements, financing promotion and planning first and foremost; coordination of interests of all parties, the formation of overall synergy; play a core role of the enterprise, expand the market-oriented operational turnover space.

??Chen Yuan specifically mentioned the role played by Hong Kong. He said that Hong Kong, as one of the international financial centers, has tremendous influence, traction and appeal in the Asia-Pacific region and the world. Hong Kong's participation in the "Belt and Road" construction has both unique advantages and its own needs. It is not only conducive to the smooth progress of the "One Belt, One Road" construction, but also conducive to the transformation, upgrading and prosperity of Hong Kong's own economy.

??Chen Yuan believes that in participating in the construction of the "Belt and Road", Hong Kong can play a more active and effective role in promoting the internationalization of the RMB. Previously, the offshore renminbi market in Hong Kong promoted the internationalization of the renminbi from three levels: international settlement, investment and reserves. In the future, Hong Kong should coordinate with the internationalization of the RMB and the "One Belt, One Road" to promote and expand the offshore RMB business.

??He further pointed out that Hong Kong can play an active role in promoting the investment in bulk commodities, basic industries and infrastructure construction, and the return of overseas RMB to the Chinese bond market, and play a more important role in promoting the development of a virtuous circle of RMB in promoting the internationalization of the RMB; Efforts will be made to open up the financial channels between countries, regions and institutions in the "Belt and Road" to form a good situation in which Hong Kong and other financial centers compete for mutual benefit and win-win results. (Finish)

475473940

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020180831ee8v002mi
##

Finance
[Finance] (Economic Observation) China's foreign investment recovery growth is more rational and healthy
1166 words
21 June 2018
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
China news agency, Beijing, June 21 (Reporter Li Xiaoyu) From the middle of the year to the middle of the year, China's foreign investment increased its quality and the situation became more and more obvious.

??According to official data, China's foreign non-financial direct investment totaled US$47.89 billion in January-May 2018, a year-on-year increase of 38.5%, and maintained growth for seven consecutive months.

??At the same time of the recovery of investment, the quality of China's foreign investment is also improving, more rational and stable.

??From the perspective of the industry, Chinese companies have invested more in manufacturing, information technology and other industries overseas. In the first five months of 2018, investment in leasing and business services and manufacturing accounted for 44.9% of China's total foreign investment in the same period. The "hardest hit" real estate, sports and entertainment industries with irrational investments have not added new projects for more than a year.

??In the words of Tu Guangshao, general manager of China Investment Corporation, there have been "promising changes" in the industries and fields of Chinese enterprises' foreign investment. Foreign investment is healthier, more rational and more sustainable.

??From a country perspective, 80% of Chinese companies' investment flows to the top 20 economies in the world. It is a rational and prudent choice to increase investment in advanced economies with a leading business environment and more advantages in terms of technology and labor productivity, which is conducive to ensuring the return on investment of enterprises.

??According to data from the Ministry of Commerce, China's new investment in countries and regions along the "Belt and Road" reached US$5.93 billion in January-May, an increase of 8.2% year-on-year. Ensuring the smooth progress of the "Belt and Road" construction is one of China's three principles for overseas investment management. Investment in countries along the "Belt and Road" continues to grow, indicating that China's foreign investment is serving the overall economic development.

??From the perspective of investment effects, the role of Chinese foreign investment in promoting domestic economic development has become increasingly significant. Taking stimulus exports as an example, China's foreign contracted projects in January-May driving goods exports by US$7.54 billion, a year-on-year increase of 25.7%.

??The Ministry of Commerce released a report saying that the purpose of overseas investment by Chinese companies is now rising from acquiring production factors to improving industrial layout and allocating resources on a global scale. This will better support domestic economic restructuring and industrial transformation and upgrading.

??Analysts believe that China's foreign investment is expected to present three major points of view in the future.

??First, the steady growth trend has been further consolidated. The official expects that if there is no major risk or a reversal of the macro situation, China's foreign investment is expected to exceed US$140 billion for the full year of 2018. This figure is still not as good as the 2016 level, but it is a real growth after crowding out the false and irrational investment "moisture".

??The second is to pay more attention to improving quality.

??For a long time, there have been two major concerns about foreign investment by Chinese companies: or they are worried that companies have no clear direction for development, are quick to make a profit, and look at what industries invest in making money; or worry that overseas investment affects the socio-economic development of host countries.

??Wang Bizhen, deputy director of the International Investment Research Office of the Institute of World Economics and Politics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said that under this circumstance, the improvement of China's foreign investment "quality" will be reflected in two aspects. First, promote the long-term development of China's domestic economy and technological progress. And the industrial upgrading, the second is to produce positive benefits for the host country.

??In this regard, the official attitude has been quite clear. Zhou Liujun, director of the Cooperation Department of the Ministry of Commerce, said that in the future, China will improve the quality and efficiency of foreign investment, so that foreign investment can better serve domestic supply-side structural reforms and real economic development. In addition, we will strive to build a Chinese investment brand, select multinational companies and key projects with international influence and competitiveness, and establish a good international image.

??The third is to pay more attention to resisting risks.

??At the moment, trade investment protectionism and counter-globalization continue to heat up, casting a shadow over the world economy that is recovering. The World Bank recently predicted that the global economic growth prospects face considerable downside risks. In addition, the uncertainty facing international trade and investment rules is also rising.

??China has promulgated the "Code of Conduct for Overseas Investment in Private Enterprises" at the end of 2017, emphasizing the necessity of strengthening the risk prevention and control of overseas investment. "Under the guidance of the regulatory authorities, the awareness and ability of corporate investment risk prevention is expected to continue to increase." Wang Bixi said. (Finish)

451382900

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020180621ee6l000b5
##

Current affairs
[Time Politics] Wang Yi talks about the SCO summit in Qingdao: it will open a new journey for the development of the SCO
526 words
24 April 2018
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
China news agency, Beijing, April 24 (Reporter Liang Xiaohui) Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on the 24th after meeting with the foreign ministers meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization in Beijing , the Qingdao Summit is the SCO after the 2012 Beijing Summit . Returning to its birthplace, China, is also held in the context of the first period of the SCO's first expansion and development, and will surely open a new journey for the SCO to continue to develop.

??Wang Yi said that the Qingdao Summit will impress everyone in all aspects and there will be many bright spots.

??First, the "Shanghai Spirit" will be promoted. SCO root cause of development and growth, Member States have always firmly follow the "Shanghai spirit." We will take the Qingdao Summit as an opportunity to revisit the "Shanghai Spirit", enhance the solidarity and mutual trust of member states, deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields, and work together to build a community of closer destiny.

??The second is the re-starting of mutually beneficial cooperation. At the summit, member leaders will make important plans for the future development of the organization on the basis of earnestly summarizing past experience. The summit will approve the implementation framework for the long-term good-neighborly friendship and cooperation treaty of the SCO member states in the next five years, and sign or approve a series of resolutions and cooperation documents covering the security, economic, trade and humanities fields, which will play an important role for member states to deepen cooperation in various fields. Promote.

??The third is a new starting point for the SCO . In June, SCO eight Member States, four observer states Heads of State or Government, the Presidency of the guests, as well as the person in charge of the relevant international organizations gathered to discuss development plans, grand-setting effort of cooperation. Qingdao Summit will further enhance the SCO 's international influence, becoming the SCO a new starting point. The member states will hold high the "Shanghai Spirit" banner and jointly open a new journey for the SCO to continue to develop. (Finish)

431876790

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020180424ee4o0020c
##

Finance
[Finance] The National Development and Reform Commission has clarified the key tasks of the economic system reform in 2018 and perfected the property rights system.
710 words
22 December 2017
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. Copyright (C) China News Service. No copying is allowed without permission.
++
China news agency, Beijing, December 22 (Reporter Zhou Rui) Any of the leaders of the National Development and Reform Commission of China said in Beijing on the 22nd that in 2018, China will focus on deepening the reform of the economic system with a focus on improving the property rights system and the marketization of factors.

??He Lifeng made these remarks at the National Development and Reform Work Conference. He stressed that in 2018, China's development and reform system should fully launch the lead task of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, and strive to stimulate the vitality of various market players. There are five main points:

??First, continue to expand the comprehensive effectiveness of the "distribution service" reform. Accelerate the establishment of a coordinated supervision system, form a full coverage, whole process, information, and normalized inspection and supervision mechanism to enhance the post-event supervision effectiveness. Intensify efforts to promote the integration and sharing of government information systems, and achieve data communication and business communication. We will implement government data public services and actively and steadily promote the construction of "smart development".

??The second is to jointly promote the three systems of state-owned enterprises to mix ownership, improve the system of property rights protection, and stimulate entrepreneurship. In-depth development of the first three batches of pilot projects in key areas, and promote the improvement of mixed-reform related policies and group companies. Establish and improve a comprehensive coordination mechanism for property rights protection, timely identify and correct a number of cases of infringement of property rights, analyze a number of typical cases, and summarize and publicize a good set of good practices. Give full play to the role of entrepreneurs in the allocation and integration of innovation resources, and accelerate the establishment of entrepreneurs to participate in the formulation and implementation of major public policy mechanisms.

??The third is to accelerate the reform of the marketization of factors. We will promote the comprehensive reform of the investment and financing system and establish and improve the supervision and enforcement system for enterprise investment projects. Focusing on the direct trading and incremental power distribution marketization, we will deepen the reform of the power system and formulate a reform plan for the operation mechanism of the oil and gas pipeline. Deepen the reform of monopoly links and public service prices in the fields of electricity, natural gas, urban water supply, medical services, railway freight transportation, etc., strengthen cost supervision and examination, and speed up the formulation of rules and regulations such as market price behavior norms.

??The fourth is to build a fair and orderly market system. Full implementation of the market access negative list system, comprehensively promote the decoupling of trade associations and administrative agencies. Accelerate the implementation of fair competition review system, strengthen anti-monopoly law enforcement, and continue to strengthen supervision of market price behavior.

??The fifth is to comprehensively and deeply promote the construction of a social credit system. Accelerate the promotion of credit legislation, improve the collection, sharing, disclosure and application of credit information, and foster credit service institutions with strong market credibility and international influence. (Finish)

407095850

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020171222edcm002gy

##
Focus on the 19th National Congress
[Focus on the Nineteenth National Congress] (Nineteen Time) Overseas Chinese praised China's five-year new look and hoped for the national rejuvenation
1170 words
14 October 2017
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. Copyright (C) China News Service. No copying is allowed without permission.
++
?China news agency, Beijing, October 14th: Overseas Chinese praised China for five years and hoped to contribute to the national rejuvenation

??China News Service reporter Yan Wenjuan

??The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is just around the corner, and overseas Chinese and overseas Chinese are eagerly awaiting. They marveled at China's development achievements in the past five years, sent forward expectations and blessings for China's future, and hoped to participate more in China's development and construction, and contribute to the national rejuvenation.

??Lamenting five years of new changes: China's development is like a "sci-fi film"

??"I have never used cash since I returned to China. I can't believe how this is done." Australian Chinese Tang Xiaohui recently went to Beijing to attend the China Overseas Exchange Association membership meeting. The ubiquitous mobile payment made her feel "unbelievable."

??"China has entered the era of mobile payment, and even the old lady who buys food will brush the QR code, which is like a science fiction film." Tang Xiaohui said that the speed of China's development and change is shocking, and it has also made overseas Chinese living abroad more than twice. Feel proud.

??A recent report released by the "Looking at the Think Tank" confirms Tang Xiaohui's feelings. According to the report, in 2016, China Mobile's mobile payment business reached 25.71 billion, and the transaction scale reached 157 trillion yuan, 50 times that of the United States. With the popularity of Alipay and WeChat payment, mobile payment began its "overseas layout" with its rapid development.

??Lin Yuyan, a Chinese from the Philippines, is full of praise for China's well-connected transportation network. "Everywhere in the country, the roads are very good. From Beijing to Shanghai, it takes only a few hours to get on the high-speed rail." She said that with good traffic development, the pace of social advancement will be faster.

??Like to serve overseas Chinese: the ancestral home is getting more and more intimate

??For overseas Chinese and overseas Chinese, the various overseas Chinese policies introduced by the Chinese government have the closest relationship with them and their feelings are the deepest.

??Chinese-American Zhang Jun is a lawyer. He told reporters that with the introduction of a series of policies that benefit overseas Chinese, the legitimate rights and interests of overseas Chinese are more secure, and the ancestral countries are more intimate.

??In the past five years, the Chinese government's Huiqiao policy has involved investment, entrepreneurship, social security, education, overseas donation, and entry and exit.

??Taking the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council as an example, it has built a public service system for overseas Chinese in the country, providing services to overseas Chinese from policies and regulations, overseas Chinese affairs, overseas Chinese people's livelihood, and career development. The Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council also launched eight major plans for the "Overseas Overseas Chinese Project". The number of well-respected self-help organizations "Huazhu Center" has reached 60, covering five continents.

??In addition, in recent years, many new rules for entry and exit have been introduced in China, and "exclusive" convenience clauses have been set up for foreign Chinese to facilitate visits, business, science, education, culture, education, and other personal affairs.

??Li Bobo, a frequent overseas Chinese who travels to and from China, feels the convenience of entering and leaving the country. He said: "It is now more convenient to pass customs."

??Message to China's future: to be a participant in national rejuvenation

??The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China will be held on October 18. Overseas Chinese are eagerly awaiting the conference that will draw a blueprint for China's future and guide the way forward. They all expressed their confidence in China's development prospects and to be a participant in the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.

??Chinese businessman Huang Xing said: "Chinese society is stable and prosperous, and the economy is booming. It provides the strongest guarantee for overseas Chinese and overseas Chinese. I believe that in the coming period, China will surely usher in greater development and further enhance its global influence. "

??Russian overseas Chinese Wu Hao hoped that after the convening of the 19th National Congress, Sino-Russian relations will rise to the next level, and the pragmatic cooperation between the two countries will continue to be promoted as always.

??"The ancestral country is prosperous and prosperous. Overseas Chinese and Chinese are honored." Canadian-born Chinese Chen Deguang hopes that after the 19th National Congress, there will be more Huiqiao policies and more business opportunities will emerge. "Overseas Chinese have more opportunities. Participate in China's development and construction."

??"After the Nineteenth National Congress, we will be closer to the dream of national rejuvenation." German Chinese Liu Yuxiong said that overseas Chinese and overseas Chinese are participants in the national rejuvenation and contribute wisdom and strength to the realization of the Chinese dream.

??French Chinese Luo Jiajun said that China's strength has made overseas Chinese's waists harder and their self-esteem stronger. "But overseas Chinese cannot stay in the status quo of complacency, and must keep up with the pace of China's development."

395870330

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020171014edae0000k
##

Science, education, culture and health
[Science, Education, Culture and Health] More than 30 radio and television organizations at home and abroad in Xi'an to discuss "Silk Road Collaboration"
605 words
10 July 2017
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. Copyright (C) China News Service. No copying is allowed without permission.
++
China News Service, Xi'an, July 10 (Reporter Zhang Yichen) "The current media technology development is changing with each passing day, adding new impetus to cultural exchanges. The 'One Belt, One Road' building has established a cooperation platform for national media along the line, through joint interviews, joint discussions, information sharing. In other forms, the people of all countries are known to each other." Ma Xiaoming, director of the Cultural Exchange Department of the Chinese People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries, said in Xi'an on the 10th.

??On the same day, the "Silk Road Radio and Television Collaboration", which was jointly participated by more than 30 media (radio, television and new media) along the "Belt and Road" countries, was established in Xi'an. The collaboration will follow complementary advantages and project interaction. The concept of resource sharing, win-win cooperation and coordinated development explores a new model of mutually beneficial cooperation in the field of broadcasting and television, constructs new media ideas for cultural exchanges, and realizes the integration of multiple communication resources in a multimedia environment.

??Li Chuan, director of the Chengdu Radio and Television Station, said as a representative of the domestic members of the cooperative. As a new carrier of China's integration into the world, the concept of "One Belt, One Road" has been deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. The members of the "Collaboration" will practice complementary advantages and projects. Interaction, resource sharing, and coordinated development will jointly create an internationally influential communication display platform and a humanities exchange platform to promote policy communication, smooth trade, and common people in the countries along the "Belt and Road".

??With the construction of the "Belt and Road", China's cultural and economic exchanges with countries along the Silk Road have become increasingly close. Shaanxi has become the frontier of China's opening to the west with its geographical advantages. "Cultural integration" has also become a "hot word" for foreign cooperation and exchanges.

??"We must uphold the open vision and inclusive mentality, and jointly build a platform for the dissemination of news, cultural exchange platforms, historical status and national customs of the 'Belt and Road' construction, describe the facts that are happening, and report on the joint development of all parties. Sharing examples. Enhance understanding, gather consensus, and inject more positive energy into the construction of 'One Belt, One Road'." Wang Yongkang, secretary of Xi'an Municipal Party Committee, said in his speech.

??At the inauguration ceremony of the Silk Road City Radio and Television Collaboration, the signing of the "Silk Road Urban Radio and Television Collaboration Cooperation Agreement" was also signed. (Finish)

380395020

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020170710ed7a0015p

##
Current affairs
[Current] The first meeting of the BRICS Coordinator in 2017 opened in Nanjing
543 words
23 February 2017
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. Copyright (C) China News Service. No copying is allowed without permission.
++
?China News Service, Nanjing, February 23 (Xing Wei) On the 23rd, the first meeting of the BRICS Coordinator opened in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province in 2017. Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi attended the opening ceremony and delivered a speech. The BRICS Coordinator, Deputy Coordinator, Ambassador to China and representatives of the New Development Bank attended the meeting.

??Yang Jiechi pointed out that China will host the ninth meeting of BRICS leaders in Xiamen, Fujian Province from September 3 to 5. Chinese President Xi Jinping attaches great importance to it and looks forward to working with the leaders of the BRICS countries to jointly promote the success of the meeting.

??Yang Jiechi said that in the past 10 years since the BRICS countries cooperated, the "BRIC countries" have become a shining sign of cooperation between emerging market countries and developing countries. They are an important force for promoting world economic growth, improving global governance, and promoting the democratization of international relations. In the face of the complex and ever-changing international situation and environment, the BRICS countries must maintain confidence, work together to meet challenges, and seize opportunities for common development. The Chinese side expects the BRICS leaders' meeting in Xiamen to focus on the theme of "deepening the BRICS partnership and opening up a brighter future", promoting all parties to strengthen unity and cooperation, improve global governance, deepen pragmatic cooperation, achieve mutual benefit and win-win results, and close humanities exchanges. Basis of public opinion; strengthen mechanism construction and improve cooperation platform.

??Yang Jiechi said that China hopes and believes that with the spirit of openness, inclusiveness and win-win cooperation, the BRICS cooperation will continue to improve its level, create a more globally influential South-South cooperation platform, and promote a more equitable and rational international order. With the concerted efforts of all countries, the meeting of the BRICS leaders in Xiamen will surely achieve fruitful results and open up a brighter future for the BRICS countries.

??The meeting of the Coordinator was the first meeting of the coordinator after the Chinese side assumed the chairmanship of the 2017 BRICS countries, aiming to prepare for the meeting of the BRICS leaders in Xiamen. (Finish)

359376180

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020170223ed2n00232
##

Current affairs
[Current Politics] Li Keqiang Meets with UN Secretary-General Guterres
426 words
28 November 2016
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
China news agency, Beijing, November 28 (Reporter Guo Jinchao) Chinese Premier Li Keqiang met with UN Secretary-General Guterres in the Great Hall of the People on the afternoon of the 28th .

??Li Keqiang congratulated Guterres on his election to the new UN Secretary-General. He said that the current international economic and political structure is undergoing profound changes. The international community should adhere to the multilateral cooperation system centered on the United Nations and adhere to the general direction of economic globalization and political multi-polarization. We hope that the United Nations continue to firmly maintain the " United Nations purposes and principles of the Charter" to promote the equality of Member States to participate in global governance, support to enhance the representation and voice of developing countries in international affairs. Implement the sustainable development agenda. Promote the settlement of disputes through political means and peaceful means.

??Li Keqiang pointed out that this year coincides with the 45th anniversary of China 's resumption of its legal seat in the United Nations , and China 's cooperation with the United Nations has entered a new stage. As the world's largest developing country and a permanent member of the UN Security Council, China is willing to strengthen cooperation with all parties to support the UN in safeguarding authority, enhancing its capabilities, better coping with various challenges, and promoting world peace, stability, sustainable and inclusive development. .

??Guterres said that China's development has achieved remarkable achievements and its international influence has been increasing, playing an important role in UN affairs. The United Nations appreciates China's active implementation of the sustainable development agenda and is willing to work closely with China to jointly meet challenges and promote economic globalization and inclusive development. (Finish)

346876750

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020161128ecbs002e6

##
overseas Chinese affairs
[Overseas Affairs] Hubei "Qiaomengyuan" unveiled will be built into the Overseas Chinese Innovation and Entrepreneurship Center
617 words
23 June 2016
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
??China News Service, Wuhan, June 23 (Reporter Zhang Qinyu Wenjuan) On the 23rd, the 2016 Overseas Chinese Entrepreneurship Development Conference (hereinafter referred to as the Huachuang Association), the director of the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council of China , Qi Yuanping, and the Governor of Hubei Province Born for the "Qiaomengyuan" in Hubei.

??"Qiaomengyuan" is an area of ??innovation and entrepreneurship of overseas Chinese created by the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council of China and the local government. Yan Yuanping, director of the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office , said that the Huachuang system has matured and has formed a gathering of Huachuang Conference, Huachuang Competition, Huachuang College, Huachuang Fund and "Qiaomengyuan", also known as Huachuang Base, to encourage overseas Chinese to return to China. Innovative and entrepreneurial integrated system.

??At present, there are more than 30,000 enterprises in Hubei "Qiaomengyuan", including about 4,000 overseas Chinese-funded enterprises, which basically form the leading position of optoelectronic information industry, biomedicine, new energy and energy conservation, high-end equipment manufacturing, modern The industry pattern of the service industry competing for development.

??According to the plan, Hubei "Qiaomengyuan" takes Zhonghua Science and Technology Industrial Park as the core area, and features the Wuhan International Student Pioneer Park and the Overseas Chinese Service Park as a special park, covering several major parks such as optoelectronics, biomedicine and intelligent manufacturing. Based on the advantage of Wuhan East Lake New Technology Development Zone (hereinafter referred to as Donghu High-tech Zone), Hubei "Qiaomengyuan" will build a globally influential Huaqiao Chinese Innovation and Entrepreneurship Center to create "World Optics Valley, Chinese Overseas Capital".

??Wuhan Donghu High-tech Zone has unique advantages as the carrying place of Hubei "Qiaomengyuan". Since 2001, Donghu High-tech Zone has always been one of the organizers of Huachuanghui. Through the China Creative Conference platform, it has accumulated rich overseas Chinese resources and introduced a large number of overseas Chinese and overseas Chinese to invest and start businesses in Hubei. According to incomplete statistics, the first 15 sessions of Huachuang will sign more than 2,500 talents and technology projects, of which about 65% are located in Donghu High-tech Zone.

??"The Donghu High-tech Zone has space, platform and industrial support, which can provide opportunities for overseas Chinese to innovate and start businesses." Hu Lishan, secretary of the Party Working Committee of Wuhan East Lake High-tech Zone, said.

??Previously, Tianjin Wuqing, Hebei Qinhuangdao, Fujian Fuzhou, Jiangxi Nanchang, Guangdong Zengcheng, Guangdong Jiangmen, Jiangsu Nanjing, Hunan Changsha and Beijing Shougang successively established the "Qiaomengyuan". (Finish)

323443960

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020160623ec6n000e0
##

Current affairs
[Critical Affairs] Xi Jinping Meets with Iran's Supreme Leader Khamenei
523 words
24 January 2016
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
?China News Agency, Tehran, January 23 (Reporter Jiang Tao) Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Iran's supreme leader Khamenei in Tehran on the 23rd.

??Xi Jinping pointed out that the friendship between China and Iran stems not only from the long history of friendly exchanges between the two countries, but also from the mutual support of the people of the two countries in difficult times, and also from the pragmatic cooperation between the two countries for mutual benefit and win-win. At present, the development of China-Iran relations is facing new opportunities. China has always been a reliable partner of Iran and is willing to deepen cooperation with Iran in various fields. China and Iran are the natural partners to build the "Belt and Road". The Chinese side is willing to cooperate with the Iranian side in developing development plans and continuously promote cooperation in the fields of infrastructure, interconnection, production capacity and energy within the framework of the "Belt and Road", so that China-Iran cooperation will benefit the two peoples and the friendship between China and Iran will be more deeply rooted in the hearts of the people.

??Xi Jinping pointed out that at present, the international situation is undergoing profound and complex changes. Both China and Iran are developing countries. After long-term exploration and practice, the two peoples have chosen a development path that suits their national conditions. China has always taken the path of peaceful development and pursued an independent foreign policy of peace. China is willing to support each other in the international and regional affairs and maintain peace, stability and development in the world and in the region.

??Khamenei said that Iran highly appreciates China's development achievements, thanks to China's long-standing support, and is willing to implement comprehensive strategic partnership with China and push the pragmatic cooperation between the two countries to a new level. The "One Belt, One Road" initiative proposed by China coincides with the time. Iran is an important country along the "Belt and Road" and is willing to play a greater role in the process of building the "Belt and Road". China is a country with important international influence. The Iranian side is willing to strengthen communication and coordination with China and jointly safeguard regional security, peace and stability.

??Wang Huning, Li Zhanshu and Yang Jiechi attended the meeting. (Finish)

302947380

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020160124ec1o00006
##

Current affairs
[Current Administration] The Fifth Plenary Session of the 18th CPC Central Committee will be held in Beijing from October 26th to 29th.
575 words
12 October 2015
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
China news agency, Beijing, October 12th, the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee held a meeting on the 12th to study and formulate major issues such as the 13th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development. Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, presided over the meeting.

??The meeting decided that the fifth plenary meeting of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China was held in Beijing from October 26th to 29th.

??The Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China listened to the report of the "Proposal of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on Formulating the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development" to solicit opinions within a certain scope inside and outside the party, and decided to modify it according to the opinions discussed at this meeting. The draft proposal was submitted to the Fifth Plenary Session of the 18th CPC Central Committee for consideration.

??The meeting held that in the course of this consultation, all relevant departments of various regions and representatives of the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China put forward many very good opinions and suggestions on the draft proposal, and fully promoted the inner-party democracy. It is necessary to comprehensively sort out, study one by one, absorb as much as possible, and formulate the documents well, so as to point out the direction and outline the blueprint for China's economic and social development during the 13th Five-Year Plan period, and ensure that the well-off society is fully built as scheduled.

??The meeting emphasized that the "Twelfth Five-Year Plan" period is a very extraordinary five years of China's development. The "Twelfth Five-Year Plan" goal is about to be successfully realized, and China's economic strength, scientific and technological strength, national defense strength, and international influence have reached a big step.

??The meeting pointed out that the people are the fundamental force for promoting development. We must adhere to the people-centered development ideology, take the promotion of people's well-being and promote the all-round development of people as the starting point and foothold of development, develop people's democracy, safeguard social fairness and justice, and protect the people. Equal participation and equal development rights fully mobilize the people's enthusiasm, initiative and creativity. We must take economic construction as the central task, adhere to scientific development, accelerate the transformation of economic development mode, comprehensively deepen reform, comprehensively govern the country according to law, speed up the improvement of various institutional mechanisms, and make better use of the two markets and resources to provide a strong impetus for China's development. And effective protection. (Finish)

289097750

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020151012ebac000ru

##
Finance
[Finance] BRICS New Development Bank opens in Shanghai "low-key"
690 words
21 July 2015
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
?China News Service, Shanghai, July 21 (??) There are no flowers and no grand ribbon-cutting. The BRICS New Development Bank opened its doors in Shanghai on the 21st. It took more than 20 minutes before and after the opening ceremony.

??Since the establishment of the BRICS New Development Bank (BRICS) on July 16, 2014, it has been receiving much attention from the outside world. On the 21st, all the questions surrounding the BRICS Bank were unveiled. The Indian Kundapur Waman Kamat appeared in Shanghai for the first time as the first president of the BRICS Bank.

??At the opening ceremony of the day, China's Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said, "As a complement to existing multilateral and regional development institutions, the establishment of the BRICS Bank will help alleviate infrastructure investment and financing bottlenecks in emerging markets and developing countries. Promote sustainable development and boost global economic recovery and growth."

??As the host city of the BRICS Bank, Shanghai Mayor Yang Xiong also expressed his welcome to the establishment of the BRICS Bank in Shanghai. He said, "The establishment of the BRICS Bank will help accelerate the construction of Shanghai's international financial center, accelerate the development of an open economy, and accelerate the construction of a free trade pilot zone and a globally influential science and technology innovation center. Shanghai will also encourage local financial institutions. And the company and the New Development Bank have carried out extensive and close cooperation to create favorable conditions for the BRICS Bank to operate in Shanghai."

??President Kammat expressed his "appreciation and gratitude" for China's "showing a spirit of pragmatic cooperation and fruitful efforts" in the preparation process. He revealed that the management of the BRICS Bank is currently working on the start-up operations of the banks, including designing the organizational structure, formulating business policies, and preparing for the project, with the support of the member states. "The BRICS Bank is expected to be at the end of 2015 or The operation started in early 2016."

??Short speech, pressing the crystal ball, and taking a photo with the guests, the opening ceremony of the BRICS Bank ended smoothly at 9 o'clock on the same day. Subsequently, Finance Minister Lou Jiwei and BRIC Bank President Kundapur Waman Kammat and others visited the multilateral secretariat of the BRICS New Development Bank of China Financial Information Center in Lujiazui, Pudong, Shanghai.

??The "New Development Bank: From Idea to Reality" International Seminar also opened on the same day. The guests will conduct in-depth discussions on the founding significance, future strategy and partnership of the New Development Bank, thus providing a forward-looking perspective for the future development of the New Development Bank. Sexual and strategic advice. (Finish)

282218900

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020150721eb7l000xd
##

Finance
[Finance] The central bank's first high-tech zone central branch was approved for the implementation of the foreign debt policy pilot
712 words
2 March 2015
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
China news agency, Beijing, March 2 (Reporter Wei Wei) On March 2, the Central Branch of the Zhongguancun National Independent Innovation Demonstration Zone of the People's Bank of China (the State Administration of Foreign Exchange Zhongguancun National Independent Innovation Demonstration Zone Central Branch) officially performed and started its work. .

??This is the first central branch of the People's Bank of China established within the national high-tech zone and the first branch of the PBC's business management department.

??It is noteworthy that the State Administration of Foreign Exchange has just approved the pilot of the macro-prudential management of foreign debts in the core area of ??the Zhongguancun National Independent Innovation Demonstration Zone (Haidian Park), allowing qualified Chinese and foreign-funded enterprises to use the foreign debt balance to implement proportional self-discipline management, while Beijing Foreign Exchange The Zhongguancun Central Branch, which is authorized by the Ministry of Management to perform duties on the 2nd, is responsible for the specific implementation of the pilot work.

??For the first time, the pilot allowed Chinese companies to borrow foreign debt and settle foreign exchange. This move will help create a fair competitive business environment and give equal domestic treatment to domestic and foreign-funded enterprises. At present, more than 10,000 enterprises in the core area of ??Zhongguancun will directly benefit.

??The official said that the pilot will not only accelerate the realization of the convertibility of RMB capital projects, deepen the reform of foreign exchange management, but also facilitate the investment and financing of Zhongguancun science and technology enterprises, facilitate the enterprises in the core areas of Zhongguancun and the global low-cost funds to "hand in hand" and ease the financing difficulties of enterprises. The problem of expensive financing will better support Zhongguancun to build a scientific and technological innovation center with global influence.

??Fan Yifei, deputy governor of the People's Bank of China, who just took up his duties this month, went to the central branch to investigate. In his speech, he emphasized that the Chinese government has clearly proposed to promote the integration of science and technology and finance, and to achieve innovation and drive development strategies. To this end, the People's Bank of China has actively introduced a number of policies to achieve effective docking and benignity of scientific and technological resources and financial resources. interactive. The establishment of the Zhongguancun Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China (the Central Branch of the Foreign Exchange Bureau) will better serve the real economy and further enhance the financial service level of the Zhongguancun Demonstration Zone.

??The main duties of the Zhongguancun Central Sub-branch (the Central Branch of the Foreign Exchange Bureau) are: responsible for the implementation of the monetary and credit policy in the demonstration area, maintaining financial stability in the jurisdiction; undertaking responsibility for statistical research, payment settlement management, credit management, foreign exchange management, etc. Other business authorized by the management department.

??On the same day, Zhang Gong, deputy mayor of Beijing, and Li Chao, deputy director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and director of the business management department of the People's Bank of China, also went to the branch. (Finish)

273650220

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020150302eb32000jq
##

overseas Chinese affairs
[Overseas Affairs] Overseas Chinese and Chinese overseas Chinese sighs that the Spring Festival tends to be "worldwide"
885 words
21 February 2015
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. China News Service. All rights reserved. Copying is not allowed without permission.
++
China news agency, Beijing, February 21 (Hao Shuang) "The small flag propagating the Chinese New Year was erected on the street. There are also many posters full of Chinese festival elements in the mall. 'Sheep' is everywhere." In Australia Wu's classmate in Sydney, who was interviewed by reporters, said that although he had not been able to return to his hometown for the Spring Festival, he felt a strong Chinese "year-old taste" in Sydney.

??In recent years, with China's economic development and strong national strength, international influence and international status have been increasingly improved. Overseas Chinese living in overseas countries have increasingly felt that the Chinese New Year is not only a festival for Chinese and global Chinese, but is gradually being People of all countries recognize and participate in it.

??Mao Shihong, executive vice president of the US China Resources Investment Consulting Co., Ltd., told reporters that the Spring Festival is the most important traditional festival of the Chinese nation. Every year, the Asian community in New York, especially the Chinese community, celebrates the Spring Festival. "Everyone gathers to eat New Year's Eve, send red packets to children, hold a parade of Chinese New Year floats, set off firecrackers and firecrackers at designated times and areas, etc."

??This year's New York has a more special Spring Festival atmosphere. On New Year's Eve, a large-scale fireworks show of "Hemei China" was held over the Hudson River in New York for about 20 minutes. The scale of the fireworks show on the National Day of the United States is comparable. Mao Shihong said that this is the first time in history, and the influence is very large, so that more and more people understand the Chinese New Year.

??Not only that, Mao Shihong said, "New York State passed the bill, in the state's public primary and secondary schools with a large proportion of Asians, and a day off on the Spring Festival. This shows that the Spring Festival is getting more and more understanding and attention from the mainstream society."

??She told reporters: "Because of different cultural customs, foreign people's participation in the Chinese New Year is still limited, but more and more foreigners have known the Spring Festival. They may either like to be busy, or because they love Chinese culture, or because they are around There are many Asian friends and other reasons, and gradually participate in the celebration of the Spring Festival."

??In Chile, which is known as "the farthest country in China", overseas Chinese also feel the changes in the local society's attitude towards the Chinese New Year.

??"In the Spring Festival in Chile, it is better year after year. This is my biggest feeling during the Spring Festival this year." President of the Chilean Overseas Federation of Chile, Executive Chairman of the Chilean China Economic and Trade Development Association, and Deputy of the Chilean China Peaceful Reunification Promotion Association President Guan Jintao told reporters that China's Spring Festival activities are increasingly valued by local mainstream society and government agencies.

??Because Chile is very far from China, the number of overseas Chinese is limited, and the Chinese New Year often coincides with the working day in Chile. Therefore, the popularity of the Spring Festival in Chile is not high. However, with the increase in the number of overseas Chinese in Chile in recent years, the Chinese have become more and more close to the local society, and more Chileans have learned about the Chinese New Year - the Spring Festival.

??Guan Jintao said, "In recent days, some Chilean friends will even say "Happy New Year" to us in Chinese. As China grows stronger, the Spring Festival will be known to more friends around the world. Our overseas Chinese in Chile will also Actively make efforts to make the Spring Festival a household name in Chile as soon as possible."

273450220

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020150221eb2l000xd
##

International
[International] US ambassador to the 40 countries vacant Obama is facing "bad" diplomacy
755 words
10 July 2014
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2014. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. All rights reserved by China News Service, no copying is allowed without permission.
++
?China news agency, Washington, July 9 (Reporter Zhang Weiran) US President Barack Obama announced on the 9th that the candidates for ambassadors in Macedonia, Fiji, Azerbaijan and Senegal will submit their nominations to the Senate, but it is likely that they are waiting for these "quasi-ambassadors". Up to 8 months of "waiting time." The latest data shows that the current appointment of 40 US ambassadors abroad has been "card" in the Senate, and the White House is inevitably facing a "lame diplomacy" situation.

??Secretary of State Kerry wrote on the same day that the Senate's foreign ambassador's nomination confirmation procedure has "collapsed" and that the United States has been unable to send special ambassadors in 40 countries around the world. He specifically mentioned that a total of 53 State Council officials have been "carded" in the Senate, and the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee has voted to approve 37 of them, but the Senate has not voted in the House of Representatives, 35 of 37 It is a professional diplomat and does not belong to a "controversial appointment" at all.

??Kerry did not say "frustrated" that the nomination of military personnel can always be quickly confirmed in the Senate. American diplomats need "equal treatment". He warned that a large number of US ambassadors abroad will weaken global influence.

??The White House National Security Assistant Rice said that the US ambassadors in Kuwait, the Niger, Cameroon, and the ambassadors in ASEAN and AU are very important positions. The Senate "procrastination" is hurting national security.

??Although the White House and the State Department have been eager to appoint ambassadors, the two parties in the Senate are still in a state of "mutual accusation." Senate Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman and Democratic Party member Menedes said that the Republican Party deliberately obstructed the adoption of the nomination, accusing the Republican senators of adopting a negative strategy, "do nothing, pass nothing, approve nothing." But Senate Minority Leader McConnell believes that such remarks are "very ridiculous," pointing out that Majority Leader Reid is leading the voting agenda.

??Public opinion here widely believes that although the Republican Party "negative inaction", the Obama administration is also responsible for the "empty suspension" of the current ambassador's position in the 40 countries. The White House has always had the tradition of nominating candidates for ambassadors. The US ambassadors to Norway and Argentina are all "golden lords". They have been laughing at the nomination hearings because they lack the most basic understanding of foreign affairs. The ambassador has never even been to Argentina, and the nominee ambassadors have since faced "severe scrutiny" from Republican lawmakers. In addition, under the premise of a large backlog in the Senate personnel vote, the White House instructed the Senate leaders to vote first through the judicial department personnel appointment, which obviously further aggravated the "bad diplomacy" situation. (Finish)

211457130

China News Service HK Branch Limited

Document CNSNDS0020140710ea7a00001

##
Hong Kong and Macau
[Hong Kong and Macao] Hong Kong News: Set up anti-Japanese commemoration day to enhance international influence and promote Hong Kong to build anti-Japanese history museum
729 words
27 February 2014
China News Service (Simplified)
CNSNDS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2014. China News Service. All Rights Reserved. All rights reserved by China News Service, no copying is allowed without permission.
++


??China News Service, Hong Kong, February 27th The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress considered September 3 as "the Victory Day of the Chinese People's War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression" and considered the December 13th as the "National Public Holiday Day", a recent newspaper in Hong Kong. Caused a hot discussion. In the article published on the 27th, in addition to supporting the establishment of two anniversaries, Hong Kong was also proposed to build the "Hong Kong Anti-Japanese History Museum."

??The article of the Hong Kong Legislative Council's largest political group, the DAB, published in Wenhui Daily on the 27th pointed out that in recent years, Japanese right-wing political forces have tried every means to deny the Japanese aggression against Asian countries during the Second World War and the great suffering brought to the local people. In the face of this countercurrent, the Chinese people should focus on commemorating the 70th anniversary of the victory of the War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression in order to respond effectively, thus effectively promoting the international community to maintain the post-war international order and safeguard the hard-won peace environment.

??The DAB also pointed out that Hong Kong's anti-Japanese history is part of the Chinese people's history of the war of resistance. The aggression of Japanese militarism in the past brought Hong Kong three years and eight months of catastrophic disaster. It is recommended to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the victory of the War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression. In the sexual activities, we will promote this history and strive to build the "Hong Kong Anti-Japanese History Museum."

??The seventh meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress will soon vote on the draft decision on the establishment of the National Day of the National Day of the Nanjing Massacre. On the 27th, Hong Kong's Ta Kung Pao was headed by the black and red characters of "The Day of Justice is not hate". The proponents of the report were advocated for 9 years. The original intention of the proposal was "not to hate and to pray for peace."

??Wen Wei Po reported on the 27th in full version. The report said that the various circles have called for many years of anti-war anniversary and national public holiday. Although it is still impossible to understand the specifications of the "two-day" activities, almost all the other countries in the world have similar national commemorative days, and the masses of people are mourning. big event.

??A commentary on the 26th of Sing Tao Daily pointed out that the horrific Nanjing Massacre 77 years ago was not only a disaster in the city, but also a pain in the country. In order to avoid stimulating Japan, it has been a place for nearly 20 years. Sexual memorial ceremony. However, Japan does not appreciate it. It not only nationalizes the disputed Diaoyu Islands, but also frequently throws out remarks about denying history and beautifying the war of aggression. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's high-profile visit to the Yasukuni Shrine has escalated tensions between China and Japan.

"Sing Tao Daily" believes that if the proposal is passed, it will raise the two commemorative activities to the national level, and its scale, grade, and international influence will be greatly improved. (Finish)

##

China.com


Sending a carrier to the South China Sea, reflecting the "conflict of confusion" in Brexit
1226 words
20 February 2019
04:41 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. China Internet Information Center
Zhang Wei, Institute of International Studies, Europe
++

Recently, the British Defence Minister Gavin Williamson gave a speech at the Joint Research Institute of the British Royal Armed Forces, expounding the strategic vision of the "global Britain" in the Brexit era. He mentioned that the "Elisabeth" aircraft carrier carrying two squadron F-35B stealth fighter squadrons will be sent to the "controversial" waters of the Pacific to show "hard power." This is not the first time that Williamson has proposed to show the "global Britain" ambition in the Asia-Pacific region. Last year, he also proposed to establish a military base in Singapore or Brunei in the Pacific to boost the global influence of Britain after the Brexit era.

However, despite the fact that the defense of Williamson was "full of pride", the reality of British politics in the Brexit era made him lack the confidence. Judging from the priority of national policies, the difficulty of getting through the Brexit has made the UK exhausted. Williamson, who had previously had limited government experience, was promoted to the important position of the Minister of Defense, and it was also a gift of great political internalism generated by Brexit. He knew this.

At present, the Brexit is still in a "double deadlock." On the one hand, Prime Minister Teresa May's Brexit A and B were rejected by the parliament. The next step, the lead of Brexit and the Brexit route are the focus of the struggle. On the other hand, the British government and Brussels have a "zero-sum game" in the Northern Ireland reserve program, and both sides have no signs of concession.

The UK's ability to exert global influence has also been negatively affected by Brexit. Although the United Kingdom is one of the few countries in NATO that meets the defense budget of 2% of GDP, the defense budget has continued to be tight in recent times. Foreign aid, the UK's proud and influential policy tool, is also under pressure from budget cuts.

In order to realize the ambition of "global Britain" after Brexit, the UK needs to do two things well. The first is to ensure the orderly and smooth Brexit. As mentioned earlier, this has proven to be more difficult than imagined. The Brexit deadline was only over 40 days, the Brexit agreement was not passed, and the risk of "no agreement to leave the EU" is rising.

The second thing is to plan for the UK's global strategy after Brexit. Some realistic and consensus-building views in the UK are to first stabilize the traditional allies of the United States and Europe, maintain the "English-US special relationship", increase diplomatic investment in European countries, and make up for the loss of the EU's influence in the EU; Japan, Australia and other countries with similar scale and "soul fit"; finally continue the "look east" process and increase cooperation with emerging market countries such as China, India and Indonesia.

However, in the eyes of the UK, China is by no means just as simple as emerging markets. The British government has promised to do next, "China's staunchest supporters in the West", and is the first to join Asian investment bank , to take a positive attitude towards cooperation with China in action. This reflects the fact that some of the ruling elites in the UK are willing to respond to China's development and strength in the international system with a flexible attitude, open mind and pragmatic policies.

However, the UK's unified and coherent Chinese cognition and policy are far from being formed, and the Brexit and Sino-US games have intensified the difficulty of finding answers in the UK. From this perspective, the defense of Williamson's remarks can only be regarded as a British perspective on this major proposition "brainstorming", and is not a mainstream view. Soon after Williamson's rhetoric came out, it was a "stupid speech" that was criticized by insiders of the British government.

After the Brexit, Britain needs to deepen its economic and trade ties with the world's major powers. China is one of the most important objects of the UK. Because of this, the British Treasury Department has always paid attention to keeping abreast of the arguments of the Minister of Defense and insisting on pragmatic cooperation with China. However, cooperation and cooperation, the United Kingdom believes that the values ??can not identify with China, and there is always a "pleasant" United States, "glory" of their own selfishness, which also leads to the active theme of the British main policy of China policy, but often there is a discordant noise .

Recently, the British Parliament is conducting a question about China, and Emily Sanbury, the shadow foreign minister of the British opposition Labour Party, even more directly replied "I don't know" when asked about China. The Secretary of Defense's remarks seem to reflect, on the other hand, the "mental confusion" of Britain in the Brexit era, including the British policy of the United Kingdom. (Editor: Tang Hua)

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020190221ef2k0000j
##

Developing countries help the world to multi-polarize
1168 words
14 February 2019
08:46 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. China Internet Information Center
++
The rise of emerging market countries and developing countries has led to the initial formation of a diversified economic growth center and injected new impetus into the world's multi-polarization process.

??At the beginning of the 21st century, the rise of emerging market countries and developing countries has greatly promoted the process of multipolarization in the world. A group of emerging market countries and developing countries with rapid economic growth and great development potential are attracting attention. The strength of developing countries has shown an overall upward trend, which has made global development more comprehensive and balanced, and the foundation of world peace has become more solid and stable.

??The accelerated development of emerging market countries and developing countries has led to the initial formation of a diversified pattern of economic growth centers. After the outbreak of the international financial crisis in 2008, a number of emerging market countries achieved a relatively rapid recovery. These countries have not only become an important force in international trade and international investment, but also an important engine for world economic growth. In July 2018, President Xi Jinping's speech at the BRICS Business Forum pointed out: "The next 10 years will be the 10 years of accelerated evolution of the international pattern and power. The contribution rate of emerging market countries and developing countries to world economic growth. It has reached 80%. According to the exchange rate method, the total economic output of these countries accounts for nearly 40% of the world. Maintaining the current rate of development will be close to half of the world total in 10 years."

??The development of developing countries has injected new impetus into the process of multipolarization in the world. The international influence of China and other large developing countries is growing stronger, and some medium-sized developing countries also play an important role in regional affairs. The awareness of the joint self-improvement of developing countries has been continuously enhanced. While promoting the development of traditional South-South cooperation mechanisms such as the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement , new international cooperation mechanisms such as the BRICS and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization have been established . More and more resounding voices have been made in trade rules negotiations, international financial system reforms, and climate change negotiations.

??China is a staunch supporter and active promoter of multi-polarization in the world. In the process of reform and opening up, China's understanding of the world's multi-polarization has gradually deepened. World multi-polarization is a historical development trend that does not shift from individual will. First, it is the product of the diversity of the world. More than 200 countries and regions around the world have different national traditions, religious cultures, economic levels, and political systems. It is hard to imagine a country or a "polar" to lead this diverse world. Second, it is an inherent requirement of the development of the times. Multi-polarization has caused various forces in the world to gradually form a relationship of mutual restraint and checks and balances, which is conducive to curbing hegemonism and power politics, and is conducive to promoting the establishment of a fair and rational new international political and economic order. China advocates the democratization of international relations, avoiding the re-enactment of historical powers in the history of non-alignment, non-confrontation, and non-targeting of third countries. China respects the right of people of all countries to choose their own development path, and advocates that all countries, big or small, strong or weak, rich or poor, are equal, insist on sharing and sharing in global governance, give full play to the role of developing countries, and jointly safeguard world peace and development of.

??In the process of promoting world multi-polarization, China attaches great importance to relations with developing countries and supports the expansion of the representation and voice of developing countries in international affairs. President Xi Jinping emphasized that "no matter how China develops in the future, it will always belong to developing countries and will firmly support the development of developing countries." Since the 18th National Party Congress, China has made historic progress in solidarity and cooperation with the vast number of developing countries. President Xi Jinping has visited Africa and Latin America and the Caribbean countries on many occasions. China and the developing countries have established a framework system for overall cooperation. Adhering to the correct concept of righteousness and truth and true sincerity, China has fully utilized multilateral and bilateral platforms and home and away diplomacy, actively participated in and played an important role in emerging international cooperation mechanisms, and promoted the development of emerging markets and developing countries in the common development. Great achievement. With the deepening of world multi-polarization, developing countries have shown better development prospects, and the power of world peace and development will continue to grow.

??(Handwriting: Wang Peng)

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020190215ef2f0000i
##

[Dan Commentary] From high speed to high quality development, China writes a magnificent chapter in the history of world economy
1592 words
18 December 2018
05:49 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China Internet Information Center
++
?From weak to strong, China has leapt to the second largest economy. From "upstairs and downstairs, electric light telephone" is a good day, almost everyone has a smart phone, home is equipped with quality home appliances; from low labor costs to earn meager profits, to high-speed rail, nuclear power, aircraft, ships and other high-addition The value of China's manufacturing is praised by the world; from the basic production and living materials self-sufficiency, to the continuous opening up of the outside world, the supply of high-quality Chinese goods to the world, the influx of imported goods into China... For 40 years, the reform and opening up has brought changes to the Chinese economy and people's lives. everywhere. (December 17 People's Network)

??Development is the basis and key to solving all problems in our country. Focusing on economic construction is the key to rejuvenating the country. 40 years ago, in December 1978, the Third Plenary Session of the Eleventh Central Committee of the Party established the transfer of the party and state work centers to economic construction, and thus began a new journey of China's reform and opening up. In the past 40 years of reform and opening up, China's economic and social development has made great achievements, attracting worldwide attention and being recognized globally. In a big country with a population of more than 1 billion, under the condition that the per capita resources and capital accumulation are not very rich, the rapid economic growth that lasted for nearly 40 years has been achieved. This is a magnificent page in the history of the world economy. In a nutshell, the 40 years since the reform and opening up have been a 40-year period in which China's national economy has made great strides and the economic aggregate has reached a new level. It is a 40-year success in moving from a low-income country to a middle-income country. It is also a comprehensive The national strength and international influence have significantly improved and achieved a historic leap in 40 years.

Http://opinion.southcn.com/o/images/attachement/jpg/site4/20181218/68f728acc4fe1d82915202.jpg[http://opinion.southcn.com/o/images/attachement/jpg/site4/20181218/68f728acc4fe1d82915202. Jpg]

??In a big country with a population of more than 1 billion, achieving rapid economic growth that lasted for nearly 40 years is a magnificent page in the history of the world economy. (Manga: Zhu Huiqing)

??The data is the most objective and the most image. According to the data, in 2017, China's GDP was 33.5 times higher than that of 1978, with an average annual growth rate of 9.5%, much higher than the average annual growth rate of 2.9% in the world economy. In 1978, China's GDP was only 367.9 billion yuan. In 2017, it stood at a new historical level of 80 trillion yuan. In the past 40 years, China's per capita GDP has been continuously improved, and it has successfully entered the ranks of middle-income and upper-income countries from low-income countries. In 2017, China's per capita GDP was 59,660 yuan. After deducting the price factor, it increased by 22.8 times compared with 1978, and the average annual growth rate was 8.5%. China's per capita gross national income (GNI) increased from US$200 in 1978 to US$8,250 in 2016, surpassing the average of middle-income countries and rising to 95th among the 217 countries (regions) announced by the World Bank .

??High-quality economic development and a new leap in people's lives. It goes without saying that from the perspective of economic growth, China's economic growth in the past 40 years is undoubtedly a miracle. Of course, economic development does not only include indicators of economic growth, but also needs to look at China's economic development from the perspective of social welfare. Looking at the reality, in the 40 years of reform and opening up, the Chinese people's lives have gone from shortage to prosperity, from poor society to a comprehensive well-off society. According to data from the National Bureau of Statistics, the per capita disposable income of the national residents in 2017 was 25,974 yuan. After deducting the price factor, it actually increased by 22.8 times compared with 1978, and the average annual growth rate was 8.5%. In the past 31 years, the national residents have realized the per capita income of more than 10,000 yuan, and realized the miracle of per capita income exceeding 20,000 yuan in five years. Now, the per capita income is 30,000 yuan. From the early days of reform and opening up, I couldn't afford bicycles, radios, sewing machines, and slowly added color TVs, refrigerators, washing machines to my home, to today's smart phones, laptops, and new energy vehicles. It's also the life of China's economy. The objective reflection and true portrayal of the great change.

Http://opinion.southcn.com/o/images/attachement/jpg/site4/20181218/68f728acc4fe1d8291cc03.jpg[http://opinion.southcn.com/o/images/attachement/jpg/site4/20181218/68f728acc4fe1d8291cc03. Jpg]

??Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, from the rapid growth to the development of high quality, the Chinese economy is opening a new era. (Manga: Li Wei)

??China develops and benefits the world. As a staunch supporter, promoter and builder of economic globalization, an open China is undoubtedly the driving force for global economic growth. It can provide countries with good market opportunities and investment opportunities, create a large number of employment opportunities, and be a global economy. "Ballast stone" and "stability anchor". Data show that from 1978 to 2017, China's total import and export volume increased from 35.5 billion yuan to 27.8 trillion yuan, an increase of 782 times, with an average annual growth rate of 18.6%. From 1979 to 2017, China's accumulated foreign direct investment reached 1,896.6 billion US dollars, which is the developing country that attracts the most foreign direct investment. After joining the World Trade Organization , the pace of Chinese enterprises going out has obviously accelerated. In 2017, China's foreign direct investment (excluding banking, securities, and insurance) was US$120.1 billion, an increase of 41.1 times over 2003, with an average annual growth rate of 30.6%. From 1979 to 2017, China's annual contribution to world economic growth was 18.4%, second only to the United States, ranking second in the world. In particular, in recent years, China's contribution rate to world economic growth has exceeded 30%, and it has increasingly become the source of power for the world's economic growth and the anchor of stability.

??No best, only better. Achieving high-quality development is an inevitable requirement for maintaining sustained and healthy economic and social development, and an inevitable requirement for adapting to the major contradictions in our society and building a fully socialist modern country. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has focused on supply-side structural reforms, and has intensified reforms in key areas and key links. Reform dividends are gradually emerging. "People's entrepreneurship and innovation" are booming, and the economic endogenous power is constantly increasing. Consolidate to a good momentum. With the rapid development from high-speed growth to high-quality development, the Chinese economy is opening a new era. Looking into the future, with 40 years of reform and opening up as a new starting point, China's economic development will be of higher quality and more sustainable, and will certainly create a new world miracle.

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020181219eeci0003m
##

The international influence of the renminbi continues to increase
1205 words
31 October 2018
08:41 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China Internet Information Center
++
The fact that the renminbi is increasingly valued by the international market is enough to show that the world has confidence in the continued goodness of the Chinese economy.

??On October 30th, the first RMB-denominated financial organization in China, which is a self-regulatory financial organization for local currency transactions, was officially signed by the Philippine RMB Dealers Association, marking the direct exchange of RMB and Philippine pesos. This is an important step taken by the internationalization of the RMB in the neighboring countries after the Central Bank of China and Japan restarted and signed a bilateral local currency swap agreement with a scale of 200 billion yuan. In the context of the increasing factors of instability in the international financial market, the renminbi internationalization of the renminbi will undoubtedly inject positive energy into the stability of the international financial system.

??It is obvious to all that more and more countries have voted for confidence in the renminbi. Not only the French central bank said it has included renminbi assets in foreign exchange reserves, the Belgian and Slovak central banks also disclosed that they hold renminbi assets, and central banks such as Germany, Spain and Switzerland have expressed interest in joining the ranks of investing in renminbi. American Quartz Finance magazine believes that the European Central Bank's increase in RMB foreign exchange reserves "again let the world see China's increasingly prominent influence in the international financial system."

??The pace of RMB internationalization is firm, and it is constantly moving towards trade, investment and financing, and reserve currency. Starting from the pilot of RMB settlement of cross-border trade in 2009, the cross-border use of RMB has gradually expanded to direct investment and even almost all current projects. It has become the world's fifth largest payment currency, the third largest trade financing currency and the fifth largest foreign exchange currency. As of June this year, more than 60 countries and regions have included RMB in foreign exchange reserves. According to the latest data from the International Monetary Fund , as of the second quarter of this year, the proportion of the renminbi in global foreign exchange reserves rose to 1.84%, reaching $193.38 billion. The French newspaper Le Figaro reported that the status of the renminbi in the global foreign exchange reserves has provided a reliable choice for the diversification of foreign exchange reserves.

??The Chinese economy has developed to a high quality and has provided a constant source of power for the internationalization of the RMB. Although the external environment has undergone profound changes, it should be noted that the general trend of China's economy shifting from a high-speed growth phase to a high-quality phase remains unchanged. The steady growth of China's economy is the most important foundation and pillar of the internationalization of the RMB and the fundamental driving force for the internationalization of the RMB.

??At present, the international status of the renminbi is still far below China's share of the world economy or global trade - China's economy accounts for about 15% of global GDP, and China's import and export trade accounts for about 12% of global trade. However, the share of the renminbi in international payments is still less than 2%, and there is still a lot of room for the internationalization of the renminbi. To promote the internationalization of the renminbi, China has perseverance and determination. In July last year, General Secretary Xi Jinping presided over the 16th meeting of the Central Financial and Economic Leading Group. He pointed out that expanding the opening up of the financial industry is an important aspect of China's opening up to the outside world, and stresses that it is necessary to promote the opening of capital projects in an orderly manner and steadily promote the internationalization of the RMB. At the beginning of January this year, the People's Bank of China issued the "Notice on Further Improving the Cross-border Business Policy of the Renminbi to Promote the Convenience of Trade and Investment", and adhered to the guidance of the cross-border business of RMB to serve the real economy and promote trade and investment facilitation, and strive to improve the cross-border of RMB. Business policies, facilitating trade and investment facilitation, and improving the renminbi liquidity in overseas markets. At the 2018 annual meeting of the Boao Forum for Asia in April this year, China announced to the world a series of major initiatives to expand its opening up, including a substantial relaxation of financial market access.

??International cooperation such as the "Belt and Road" construction is constantly bringing new space for the internationalization of the RMB. At present, the RMB cross-border payment system has provided funds clearing and settlement services to cross-border RMB businesses of domestic and foreign participants, becoming an important financial infrastructure in line with international standards, providing important guarantees and support for the global use of the RMB, and actively supporting cross-border financial markets. interconnection. The fact that the renminbi is increasingly valued by the international market is enough to show that the world has confidence in the continued goodness of the Chinese economy, the recognition of the steady development of the renminbi internationalization, and the expectation that the Chinese economy will continue to inject new impetus into the world economy.

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020181101eeb10000t

##
Chen Wenhui: The impact of emerging Asian markets on the global insurance market continues to increase
934 words
25 June 2018
12:27 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China Internet Information Center
++
?China Net Finance June 26th Recently, Chen Wenhui, vice chairman of the Bank of China Insurance Regulatory Commission, attended the 13th Asian Insurance Supervisor Forum (AFIR) annual meeting in Hong Kong. Senior officials of insurance regulatory agencies from 16 AFIR member countries and regions including Australia, India, Singapore, Thailand, South Korea, Japan, Dubai, Philippines, and from the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, the National Association of Insurance Supervisors and the Initiative Insurance Popularization Organization Representatives of friendly countries and international organizations attended the meeting.

??The Bank of China Insurance Supervision and Management Committee hosted the second AFIR member meeting as the rotating chairman of the AFIR and the secretariat. Chen Wenhui said: "Asia is an important emerging market and its influence on the global insurance market is constantly improving. AFIR has established an effective and institutionalized communication and cooperation mechanism with the joint efforts of all members to unite Asian forces and promote exchanges and cooperation. It has played a positive role in promoting the stable development of the insurance market in Asia." The members spoke highly of the extensive and fruitful work carried out by the Bank of China Insurance Regulatory Commission after taking on the responsibility of the Secretariat, and agreed to continue by the Bank of China Insurance Regulatory Commission. Undertake the responsibility of the AFIR Secretariat. The general meeting of the members also confirmed that the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Insurance Regulatory Bureau, Mr. Liang Zhiren, will serve as the next AFIR rotating chairman. During the meeting, the delegates introduced their respective insurance market development and regulatory reforms, shared the latest developments in the development of insurance capital standards and emerging markets of the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, and on the development of venture capital systems, insurance technology and how to deal with cyber risks. The issues such as the challenge have deepened the exchange of experience.

??This meeting of the members passed the Bank of China Insurance Supervision and Management Committee and continued to serve as the AFIR Secretariat. It took the first step of AFIR to establish a permanent secretariat, marking a substantial progress in the AFIR mechanism. The continuous improvement of the AFIR management mechanism will significantly enhance the cohesiveness of insurance regulation in Asia, strengthen the regulatory exchanges and cooperation among members, and expand the international influence of the Asian insurance industry. The Bank of China Insurance Supervision and Management Committee will continue to promote the development of AFIR, represent Asia in the international insurance regulatory reforms, and further enhance the participation and influence of emerging markets in the formulation of international insurance regulatory rules, and build the "Belt and Road" initiative. Provide more powerful support.

??The Asian Insurance Supervisor Forum was first established in 2005 by the Chinese Insurance Regulatory Authority. It is the first insurance regulatory cooperation mechanism in the Asian region. So far, 13 annual conferences have been successfully held. After years of development, AFIR has become the most influential international cooperation and exchange platform in Asia. It has played a fundamental role in promoting information exchange, regulatory cooperation in Asia, and participating in international insurance regulatory reforms in Asia. Wide recognition by international organizations and insurance regulators in other countries or regions. Focusing on Asia, representing Asia and reflecting Asia, AFIR gradually sends out Asian voices on the international stage, reflects Asian demands, actively participates in the international insurance regulatory reform process, and promotes the healthy and stable development of the Asian regional insurance market.

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020180626ee6p00008
##

China Securities Regulatory Commission: public funds accumulated dividends 1.71 trillion partial stock funds annualized rate of return 16%
1387 words
15 May 2018
08:07 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China Internet Information Center
++
?China Net Finance May 16th Today, the Securities and Futures Commission spokesperson Gao Li answered the reporter's question about the development of the public fund industry, and many small and medium investors complained about the problem of poor money making in the market. Gao Li said that as a personal and family financial management The main target of the tool, the public fund has created a significant return for investors. As of the end of 2017, the public fund industry has accumulated a total dividend of 1.71 trillion yuan, of which the annualized yield of partial stock funds averaged 16.5%, exceeding the average of the Shanghai Composite Index in the same period. The increase was 8.8 percentage points, which means that it far outperformed the market.

??The following is the full text:

??Q: Recently, many small and medium-sized investors have complained that the market's profit-making effect is not good. However, according to the information released by the fund industry association recently, the 20th anniversary of the development of public funds has created considerable returns for investors. Please tell us about the situation?

??A: This is a topic of general concern to investors. In recent years, we have been paying attention to some new situations. Some of them are very worrying. Some listed companies have delisting risks and valuations deviate significantly from the fundamentals. The number of individual investors has continued to increase, and investors have suffered serious losses. Earn the sound of the index losing money." We understand the mood of these investors. On the other hand, we also want to see that public funds have created significant returns for investors. In the past 20 years, as the main target of personal and family financial management financial instruments, public funds rely on professional advantages, adhere to the concept of value investment and long-term investment, and the industry has achieved remarkable results. Taking advantage of this opportunity, I will introduce you to several sets of data, and I believe investors can learn from them.

??From the perspective of investment returns, as of the end of 2017, the public fund industry accumulated a total dividend of 1.71 trillion yuan, of which the annualized yield of partial stock funds averaged 16.5%, which was 8.8 percentage points higher than the average increase of the Shanghai Composite Index in the same period. Won the big market. The annualized rate of return on bond funds averaged 7.2%, exceeding the current three-year time deposit rate by 4.5 percentage points. At the same time, the fund management company is entrusted to manage basic pensions, enterprise annuities, social security funds and other types of pensions of 1.5 trillion yuan, and the market share of pension investment managers in pensions accounts for more than 50%, and overall achieves good returns to social security. For example, the fund achieved an annualized rate of return of 8.4% from 2001 to 2016 and a yield of around 9% in 2017.

??From the perspective of product categories, the number of public fund managers and products has steadily increased, and products have diversified and developed, and efforts have been made to meet the diversified needs of investors' asset allocation. By the end of 2017, there were 113 fund management companies and 14 other public fund managers in China, with a total of 11.6 trillion yuan in assets under management. The number of public fund products reached 4,841, covering equity funds, hybrid funds, bond funds, money market funds, commodity futures funds and ETF funds. At the same time, pension fund, FOF fund and other new products with the concept of value investment and advocating long-term stable income are gradually introduced, making the public fund product system more refined and broader, which is conducive to meeting the needs of different investors and promoting public offering. The fund industry has entered a new era of asset allocation.

??From the perspective of opening up to the outside world, public funds are the pioneers in the opening up of the capital market, and the credibility and international influence of the industry continue to increase. By the end of 2017, a total of 45 Sino-foreign joint venture fund management companies had been established. 24 fund management companies had established Hong Kong subsidiaries, and some fund management companies had established branches in Europe and other regions. The Hong Kong Mutual Recognition Fund products, which were publicly sold in the Mainland approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission , have 50 mainland mutual recognition fund products that are publicly sold in Hong Kong approved by the Hong Kong Securities Regulatory Commission. The fund industry has initially formed a two-way open market competition pattern.

??From the perspective of legal system construction, the public fund industry has established a relatively advanced and comprehensive supervision and management system. In 1997, the State Council promulgated the "Interim Measures for the Administration of Securities Investment Funds". In 2003, the "People's Republic of China Securities Investment Fund Law" was promulgated. In 2013, the new "People's Republic of China Securities Investment Fund Law" was implemented, and the relevant public fund laws and regulations and There are more than 210 self-discipline rules, including "Administrative Measures for the Public Offering of Securities Investment Funds", "Measures for the Administration of Securities Investment Funds", "Administrative Measures for Securities Investment Fund Custody Business", "Administrative Measures for Information Disclosure of Securities Investment Funds", Securities Companies and Securities Investment Fund Management Company Compliance Management Measures, Securities and Futures Investors Appropriate Management Measures, Securities Investment Fund Management Company Fair Trading System Guidance Opinions, etc. The regulations have established risk-appropriate product design and sales specifications, compulsory custody systems, daily valuation systems, information disclosure systems, fair trading systems, and strict regulatory enforcement systems to promote public fund protection to become more adequate for investors. industry.

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020180516ee5g000dx
##

Trump frequently "sells" and where does the US strategy toward China go?
1060 words
3 April 2018
01:44 AM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China Internet Information Center
++
?From the perspectives of politics, policy, and personnel, the Trump administration is likely to create new "troubles" in Sino-US relations in the coming period.

??Recently, the Trump administration of the United States has taken negative measures in the areas of economy and trade and the Taiwan issue. China-US relations will inevitably experience new problems and shocks. Although Trump has been in power for more than a year, relations between the two countries have remained generally stable, but the possibility of "bumps" in the next period cannot be underestimated. In addition, the profound transformation of the US strategy toward China is also worthy of deep thinking.

??In the past few decades, economic and trade cooperation has always been the "ballast stone" and "propeller" of Sino-US relations. The US trade and business groups are also a strong promoter of bilateral relations. However, the Trump administration's "suppression" of China's economic and trade aspects shows that the two sides need to face the severe challenges of economic and trade friction and competition and politicization. The Trump administration is worried not only about the trade deficit with China, but also that the US economy is losing its technological superiority compared to China.

??The United States has been accusing China of weak intellectual property protection, forcing US companies to transfer technology in China, and acquiring advanced technology through mergers and acquisitions of US companies. The recent special tariff measures adopted by the Trump administration against China are mainly aimed at products such as electronics and information. Moreover, it will impose more restrictions on Chinese companies' investment and mergers and acquisitions in the United States, and even consider tightening visas for Chinese students to prevent the loss of so-called technological advantages.

??The Trump administration's "trade war" is not just for China. It has also announced that it will impose tariffs on imported steel and aluminum. The EU, Japan, South Korea, Canada and other countries will all be affected. However, the main trader of the "trade war", US Trade Representative Wright Heze, said that if European countries and other countries wish to receive "exemption," they must work with the United States to "handle" China in economic and trade policies. Obviously, its wishful thinking is "one stone and many birds", which not only forces the relevant countries to make concessions in trade, but also creates a "international camp" to jointly suppress China.

??Under the increasingly fierce Sino-US economic and trade frictions, the game between the two sides on the Taiwan issue seems to be entering a new stage. The Taiwan issue is a highly sensitive issue between China and the United States. Trump's previous direct phone conversation with Tsai Ing-wen and the recent signing of the "Taiwan Interacting Law" show that the US has a strong motivation to play the "Taiwan card" on China policy, Taiwan. The negative impact of the problem on relations between the two countries may rise further.

??From this, it is not difficult to see that under the circumstances that the Trump administration clearly regards China as a "strategic competitor", the US policy toward China has begun to show some negative changes. At the end of this year, the United States will usher in the mid-term congressional elections. Considering the recent poor performance of the Republican Party in the relevant state elections, the Trump administration does not rule out winning votes in the country by constantly manipulating the "China issue."

??In addition, the recent adjustments in the US decision-making high-level team may further aggravate the Trump administration's increasingly tough policy toward China. For example, Bolton, who took over as president of the National Security Affairs Assistant, is an extremely conservative person and is extremely "pro-Taiwan." American public opinion is generally pessimistic about this appointment. The Foreign Policy magazine and even the article criticized that Bolton himself is precisely the threat of US national security.

??Undoubtedly, from different levels of politics, policy, and personnel, the Trump administration is likely to create new "troubles" in Sino-US relations in the coming period. In this regard, we must be aware of both the strengths and the strengths. We must see that as China's national strength and international influence continue to rise, the strategic game between China and the United States will inevitably become more complicated. How to clearly understand and dexterously manage the "competitive coexistence" between the two countries may be the core problem that Sino-US relations need to be solved in the new era.

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020180403ee430006b

##
"One Belt, One Road" to strengthen national sovereignty along the line
1406 words
17 March 2018
08:05 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. China Internet Information Center
++
Wang Yizhen, Senior Research Fellow, Chongyang Financial Research Institute, Renmin University of China, Director of the Research Center of the One-Way Road, Chahar Institute

Is this just a coincidence? During his visit to Africa, US Secretary of State Tillerson said that China's investment had caused African countries to lose their sovereignty and was immediately dismissed by Trump. Of course, this is a contradiction between Trump and Tillerson, but Tillerson said during his visit to Latin America that China is pursuing new imperialism in Latin America and continues to smear China in Africa. In fact, this reflects the United States' global The influence is on the rise, so hungry, and the dirty water.

China's diplomacy has long adhered to the principle of non-interference in internal affairs, pursued a true and sincere policy of non-work, encouraged African countries to follow a development path in line with national conditions, and investing in African countries focused on enhancing their independent modernization capabilities, clearly strengthening their sovereignty and weakening their sovereignty. The weakening may be the attachment of African countries to the West, breaking the aid trap.

Western countries spend an average of 1% a year on the least developed countries, but the least developed countries have become less developed. In sharp contrast, China is pursuing the construction of "three networks and one network" in Africa through the "Belt and Road" - highway network, high-speed railway network, regional aviation network, industrialization of infrastructure, promotion of people's livelihood projects and education and training. Africa will get rid of the vicious cycle of poverty, let the African market take the lead and take the line, from the infrastructure (the five-in-one railway and trade five-in-one), to help Africa gain endogenous development momentum and form an economic development zone. To achieve industrialization and agricultural modernization, and thus promote the overall progress of politics and society.

"To get rich, to build roads first; to be rich, to repair high-speed; to be rich, to access the Internet," has become a clear summary of China's experience in getting rid of poverty, and is increasingly popular in the world. "Everything can be poor and education", China pays attention to compulsory education and training to stop the vicious circle of poverty. China has thus created a miracle that has lifted 700 million people out of poverty in the past 30 years of reform and opening up, contributing more than 70% to the world. The combination of precision poverty alleviation, developmental poverty alleviation, poverty alleviation and poverty alleviation has extensive implications for the world. African leaders say that poverty is the public enemy of mankind. Put the "Belt and Road" construction into the UN's 2030 Sustainable Development Goals and fully meet the UN's cause of peace and development.

The "Belt and Road Initiative" has been implemented for many years and no country has lost its sovereignty. On the contrary, African countries are taking advantage of China's development of express trains. For the first time in history, the largest trading partners of the five major economies are China.

The author's visit to the Ethiopian Industrial Park has fully confirmed Professor Lin's observation: "In 2010, China employed 19 million people in the tanning and footwear industries. Ethiopia only employed 8,000 people at the time. In terms of factor production cost, it definitely has an advantage. In 2011, Ethiopia's wage cost was only 1/10 of that of China. In August 2011, Prime Minister Meles went to Dongguan in Dongguan to attract investment. In November, Dongguan shoe manufacturer Huajian arrived. After the inspection, the Ethiopian capital decided to invest in Ethiopia and immediately recruited more than 80 workers to train in the country. Three months later, the Huajian factory was established in an Oriental Industrial Park next to the Ethiopian capital. At the beginning, two production lines It employs 600 people and is implemented in the same way as we did in the early 1980s. All the raw materials are shipped from China. All the products are sold internationally. In March 2012, the products began to export and became the largest export in Ethiopia in May. The company started making money in October, hiring 2,000 people by the end of the year and 3,500 people in the second year. Chau is basically a myth. But the success of this enterprise, it becomes our Chinese speak of 'A single spark can start a prairie fire', Ethiopia changed their ideas about economic development path. "

Tillerson's remarks also reflect his ignorance of China's development model. The Chinese model can also be called the Chinese development model. The core is "the government has an effective market". It not only plays the role of "invisible hand" but also plays the role of "visible hand" to create and cultivate the market. Let the market play a decisive role, and provide a new choice for countries that have not fully developed their market economy to take the road of industrialization, and solve the market failure, market dislocation, market distortion, and the free market economy advocated by the West cannot solve or even solve it. Puzzle.

Of course, as General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out in his keynote speech at the high-level dialogue between the Chinese Communist Party and the world political parties last year, "we must also create more opportunities for the world by promoting China's development, and explore the laws governing the development of human society and deepen the world by deepening our own practice. Countries share. We do not "enter" foreign models, nor "export" the Chinese model, and will not require other countries to "copy" China."

The establishment of the China Development Agency will better coordinate the internal and external affairs and better participate in international cooperation. I believe that it will also serve the construction of the China-Africa destiny community.

(Responsible Editor Wang Lin)

 

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020180318ee3i0002z
##

Chinese diplomacy highlights "shaping power"
999 words
22 October 2017
08:38 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. China Internet Information Center
Su Xiaohui, Deputy Director, Institute of International Strategy, China Institute of International Studies
++

In summarizing the work and historical changes of the past five years, the report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China pointed out that China's international influence, appeal and shaping have further improved and made new and significant contributions to world peace and development. Correspondingly, Martin Jacques, a senior researcher at the Department of Politics and International Studies at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom , sent a congratulatory message on the occasion of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. He said that China is becoming more and more confident on the international stage and is becoming a new global shaper.

Compared with "influence" and "enlightenment", "shaping power" more clearly shows that China's international agenda is unprecedentedly enhanced, the right to formulate international rules has expanded significantly, and the right to speak in international affairs has increased significantly. It also means that China is actively Actively participate in international affairs and demonstrate the mission and responsibility of the great powers.

China's shaping power is based on breakthroughs in its own development. In the five years since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has achieved historic achievements in reform, opening up, and socialist modernization. The country's economic strength, scientific and technological strength, national defense strength, and comprehensive national strength have entered the forefront of the world.

China's shaping power stems from the initial heart of the Chinese Communist Party. The Communist Party of China is a political party that is happy for the Chinese people and a political party that strives for the cause of human progress. The Chinese Communist Party has always made its mission to make new and greater contributions to mankind.

China's shaping power conforms to the new historical position of China's development. The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China declared that socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era. This new era will witness China's continuous approach to the center of the world stage.

Entering a new era, China's shaping power will be concentrated on the overall goal of diplomacy with a big country with Chinese characteristics, namely, promoting the construction of new international relations and promoting the building of a community of human destiny.

The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China pointed out that the uncertainty of instability facing the world is outstanding, and humanity faces many common challenges. For example, the world's economic growth momentum is insufficient, the polarization between rich and poor is becoming more and more serious, regional hotspot issues are on the rise, and non-traditional security threats such as terrorism, cybersecurity, major communicable diseases, and climate change continue to spread.

Building a new type of international relationship is an important design of China's international relations. In fact, building a new type of international relationship has become the main line of Chinese diplomacy since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China further enriched the connotation of new international relations, clarified the three important meanings of mutual respect, fairness and justice, cooperation and win-win, and provided new ideas and choices for countries to live in harmony and seek common development.

Building a community of human destiny reflects China's agenda setting for the world. The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China explained the connotation of the community of human destiny, that is, building a world of lasting peace, universal security, common prosperity, openness, tolerance, and clean beauty.

In order to shape a better world, China first sets an example by itself, firmly pursues an independent foreign policy of peace, actively develops global partnerships, adheres to the basic national policy of opening to the outside world, and upholds the concept of global governance that is jointly built and shared. At the same time, China attaches importance to international fairness and justice, advocates the democratization of international relations, and upholds that all countries, big or small, strong or weak, rich and poor, are equal, and support the United Nations to play an active role. China also pays special attention to the representation and voice of developing countries in international affairs.

In the new era, China will continue to be the anchor of stability in the international situation, the engine of world growth, the positive energy of peaceful development, the new impetus for global governance, and make greater contributions to the development of all mankind with Chinese wisdom, China's programs and China's strength.

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020171023edan0000y
##

Let international judicial assistance move to a higher level
1143 words
16 August 2017
09:15 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. China Internet Information Center
++
?On the morning of August 15, the Israeli High Court applied to the Jiangsu Overseas Enterprise Group Co., Ltd. to recognize and implement the civil judgment of (2009) Tongzhong Min Sanchu Zi No. 0010, which has been in force in the Nantong Intermediate People's Court of Jiangsu Province, to maintain the Tel Aviv, Israel. The final judgment of the court in the first instance: The above-mentioned effective judgment of the Nantong Intermediate People's Court can be implemented in Israel. This is the first time that an Israeli court has dealt with the judicial relationship with China. It is also the first time that an Israeli court has recognized and enforced a Chinese judgment based on the principle of reciprocity without a mutual legal assistance agreement. It is the recognition of the judgment of the two countries in judicial practice. The implementation set a good precedent (April 16 "Legal Daily").

??The biggest highlight of the Israeli court's recognition and enforcement of Chinese court decisions is that it is based on the principle of reciprocity without a mutual legal assistance agreement. Tao Xinqin, the governor of the case, said that it is difficult for all countries to understand the true position of other countries on the principle of reciprocity, and also to limit the sovereignty concept and prevent the country from adopting a relaxed attitude in the application of the principle of reciprocity to recognize and enforce foreign judgments. The national judgment was rejected by foreign countries. Therefore, it is rare to confirm the validity of foreign judgments in the principle of reciprocity and give recognition and enforcement in practice. The author believes that it is precisely this rare reflection of China's comprehensive national strength, international influence, and the level of rule of law construction. Especially with the promotion of the "Belt and Road" strategy, the level of mutual legal assistance and judicial exchange between relevant countries and China has continued to increase. Israel's recognition and implementation of Chinese court decisions is a very vivid example.

??The "Belt and Road" strategy can promote the in-depth exchange of international commercial trade, and at the same time promote the exchange of resources such as finance, talents and technology. Since it is an economic exchange, legal contradictions will inevitably occur, and the resolution of contradictions and disputes cannot be separated from an efficient international judicial assistance mechanism. According to the provisions of the Civil Procedure Law on mutual legal assistance, according to the international treaties concluded or acceded to by China, or in accordance with the principle of reciprocity, the people's courts and foreign courts may request each other to serve documents, investigate and collect evidence, and conduct other litigation actions, if relevant countries Without a treaty relationship and without the assistance of reciprocity based on the principle of reciprocity, it can only be done through diplomatic channels. However, the issue of judicial assistance through diplomatic channels is costly and inefficient. Because through diplomatic channels, not only must we face uncertain diplomatic consultation time, but also through the diplomatic departments of the two countries to achieve the docking of the judiciary, the entire process is much faster than the direct docking of the judiciary. Therefore, an inefficient judicial assistance mechanism is not conducive to international economic and trade exchanges, and it is necessary to establish a high-level international judicial assistance mechanism.

??The Supreme People's Court mentioned in the "Several Opinions on the Provision of Judicial Services and Guarantees for the Construction of the "Belt and Road" by the People's Courts in 2015" that it is necessary to actively explore ways to strengthen regional judicial assistance and cooperate with relevant departments to introduce new models of mutual legal assistance agreements in due course. Promote the conclusion of bilateral or multilateral mutual legal assistance agreements to promote mutual recognition and enforcement of judicial decisions in countries along the route. Obviously, mutual recognition and enforcement of judicial decisions in countries along the "Belt and Road" are the main criteria for a high-level international judicial assistance mechanism. Only by realizing mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments can we maximize the efficiency of conflict resolution. However, some countries along the "Belt and Road" have not yet concluded a judicial assistance agreement with China. Under such a realistic background, Israel, which has no judicial assistance mechanism in China, has demonstrated.

??Undoubtedly, the rise of a big country requires a higher level of international judicial assistance, and prosperous international trade requires judicial escort. Judicial departments such as domestic courts must constantly strengthen exchanges with countries along the "Belt and Road" and other countries, and constantly summarize work experience to provide a higher level of judicial protection for the "Belt and Road" strategy.

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020170817ed8h0001a

##
Australian-China policy should not be kidnapped by rhetoric
1212 words
18 June 2017
07:37 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. China Internet Information Center
++
?The Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) recently released an investigation program that mentioned China's "spy campaigns" through political donations to Australian businessmen and through international students. After the show aired, it was controversial with the response of Australian Prime Minister Turnbull. Turnbull called China a "friend of the enemy" recording exposure, so that the topic fermented again.

??The author personally participated in the production of the program, which is regarded as a witness, and is also a witness to the years of Sino-Australian relations. Looking back on the past two or three decades, I have thought about it in detail. In the past two years, I can't help but say that there is a certain turning point (if it is not a qualitative change), which is highlighted by the deepening of mutual strategic mutual doubts, mutual accusations and suspicions. The sound is endless. What is the reason?

??From the perspective of the Australians, I am afraid that things have to start from the South China Sea issue, especially last year's "South China Sea Arbitration Case", which may be the origin of the current strategic mutual suspicion between Australia and China. Although China believes that this arbitration is illegal, quite a few people in Australia do not understand the details. They believe that China is a party to a series of international regulations such as the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and should abide by international arbitration procedures. Although some senior Australian officials' accusations of China's "undemocratic" and "not free" are indeed somewhat ideological and personal, Australian Prime Minister Turnbull's recent speech at the Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore is closer to The real idea of ??the Australian government.

??The current reason why Australians view the South China Sea issue so much is due to uncertainty about China's future strategy. Especially in the past two years, China's overall national strength has increased at a relatively fast pace. The military presence in the South China Sea has increased objectively, and regional and global influence has increased significantly. As a "small country" with limited military and economic strength, Australia does need to constantly receive "strategic re-guarantee" from a large and strong China, and needs a clearer understanding of China's strategic intentions. The demand for this strategic reassurance stems from our sense of insecurity. We were already greeted by our allies in the World War II, and we no longer believe in anyone, including the United States.

??Of course, from another perspective, the gorgeous rhetoric of the Australian side on the South China Sea issue has raised this issue to such a prominent position, which is actually not conducive to solving the problem. After the "South China Sea Arbitration Case", China adjusted its South China Sea policy. The Southeast Asian countries such as the Philippines and Malaysia also chose to negotiate with China on the South China Sea issue. This has isolated Australia to some extent. After Trump was elected president of the United States, it was also to a certain extent. Change the offensive practices of China in the Obama era on the South China Sea issue. In fact, the South China Sea is a sovereign issue for China and some Southeast Asian countries. At this stage, there is almost no possibility of making major concessions. Moreover, don't forget that when it comes to "resolving international law to solve problems," the United States is not a party to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.

??The second major factor that triggered the change was that Australia and China were in a strategic adjustment period. The relative decline of US power, the rise of all aspects of China is not to be said, how should Australia be self-sustaining in this changing world? There are also many discussions in Australia.

??The third major factor comes from within the Australian decision-making system. In recent years, the Australian foreign affairs department and its agencies in China have been more policy enforcement departments. The formulation of China policy has increasingly given way to the Prime Minister's Office, the National Security and Defense Department, and even some important think tanks. Although the latter may be more experienced in grasping the macro overall situation, it is not enough to understand China. Taking the "Belt and Road" as an example, the Australian foreign affairs department and the Chinese agencies are more in favor of Australia's active participation, but they have encountered certain resistance at home.

??At the same time, some Chinese practices in Australia have been reported by the Australian media, causing some misunderstandings in the local area. For example, the Chinese student association mentioned in the previous TV program organized students to protest against "Tibet independence". Some people would ask: Why is the Australian media not going to support the background of the "Tibet independence" group? However, this is the current public opinion ecology in Australia. It requires the Chinese to be more cautious on the one hand, and to avoid "small problems" on the other hand, to understand the current situation of the Australian society, and to tolerate some of the noise.

??The past two years are likely to be an important turning point in the history of China-Australia relations, but the reasons for this are still complicated and still need to be further sorted out.

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020170619ed6j00008
##

Abe's "Overview of Globe Diplomacy"
1287 words
12 January 2017
09:01 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. China Internet Information Center
++
?Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe debuted on the 12th to visit the Philippines, Australia, Indonesia and Vietnam. According to him, during this Asia-Pacific trip, Japan will assume the so-called "leading role of regional peace and prosperity." Obviously, Abe regards this visit as another stage for promoting "overlooking the globe diplomacy" and another opportunity to enhance international influence. However, it is doubtful that this foreign policy of hard work and private goods can safeguard regional peace and tranquility and win the trust of the international community. (For related reports, see A10 version)

??Since taking office in 2012, Abe has promoted "overlooking the globe diplomacy" and put forward many new terms such as "positive pacifism" and "value diplomacy". However, looking back at the "strategic" diplomatic practice of the Abe administration over the past few years, the surface prosperity is hard to conceal, and the false prosperity of "overlooking the globe diplomacy" has been shattered.

??In Asia, Abe has two economic and security cards, in an attempt to exchange political and security cooperation for political support, while wooing the countries concerned to contain China. In the high-profile "fall diplomacy" offensive last year, Abe successively invited more than a dozen heads of state to visit Japan. Providing financial assistance to the Philippines, providing patrol ships to Malaysia, talking about sharing values ??with Myanmar, and strengthening economic cooperation with Kazakhstan.

??Around the ocean issue, Japan is more concerned about it, waiting for opportunities to make waves. In the South China Sea, the "China threat theory" was advocated, and the so-called "freedom of navigation" was discussed. It not only created a secret for its own military forces, but also attempted to win over the relevant countries to build an "anti-China encirclement." In addition to mixing water, Japan also contributed money to China to make a scorpion. The Japan Coast Guard intends to set up a new department this year to "support" the marine police agencies in Southeast Asia and promise to provide second-hand patrol boats to the Philippines, Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia and other countries.

??In the face of big countries like Russia and India, Japan is doing its best. Indian Prime Minister Modi was invited to visit Japan to focus on the "free and open Indian Pacific strategy" and want to drag India into the anti-China alliance. Russian President Vladimir Putin was invited to visit Japan, and he tried to push for a solution to the territorial issue, while balancing China. As a result, not only did the consultations fail, but Russia deployed new missiles on the disputed islands.

??In addition to the presence of sensation in the Asia-Pacific region, the African continent is another position for Abe to "look at the globe diplomacy". Economically, under the banner of mutually beneficial cooperation, the practice of unequal exchanges attempts to exchange support for "distribution of money" on issues such as territorial disputes and entry into the WTO; politically, with the guise of "positive pacifism", waiting for external military expansion. Obviously, this lack of sincerity and hidden selfishness is difficult to truly win the hearts of the people.

??The Abe government wishful thinking that economic interests and security cooperation can be exchanged for diplomatic support and achieve the goal of containing China. However, regardless of ASEAN countries, Central Asian countries or African countries, foreign policy of all countries has always served the national interests. The close ties and deep cooperation between these countries and China cannot be interrupted because of Japan's interference, and they cannot ignore their own interests. Japanese chess pieces. Japan's sinister attempt can be described as a waste of effort.

??What's more, if the Abe government does not solve the historical cognition problem, it will be difficult to win the hearts and minds of people all over the world. What the Abe government has done in recent years shows that its attempt to challenge the post-war order is ambivalent. In dealing with such a "unreliable" regime, people are not practical.

??The direction of Japan's foreign policy cannot always be separated from the big framework of the Japan-US alliance. After the new US president takes office, he is expected to prioritize domestic issues and adjust the Asia-Pacific strategy. Japan is worried that the US allies "do not give strength" and have recently taken the initiative to "force" in the Asia-Pacific. However, the trick of provoking and beggar-thy-neighbors is doomed to the trust of Asian countries and the international community, and it is difficult to truly safeguard Japan's own security and peace in the Asia-Pacific region.

??The essence of "overlooking the globe diplomacy" is a realist foreign policy based on the Japan-US alliance. It aims to create a favorable external environment for the implementation of the Abe government's established route, enhance Japan's international influence, and maintain the support rate of the Abe regime in the country. The problem is that Japan has always pointed its finger at China and spared no effort to block China, create and intensify contradictions. It is no wonder that international public opinion ridicules that the so-called "overlooking the globe diplomacy" is just "following China." The pattern determines the outcome. This diplomatic thinking reflects the deep-rooted zero-sum thinking and narrow political views of the Abe government, which will only make Japan walk narrower.

??Even the Japanese media have expressed their feelings that Abe's "overlooking the earth's diplomacy" is willful and futile, "it will only bring misfortune to the people". What is the "outside of the globe diplomacy" that the organs have calculated and harmed others?

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020170113ed1d0001i
##

"Comprehensively administering the party strictly" brings new thinking to the world (People's commentary)
1214 words
22 November 2016
06:30 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. China Internet Information Center
++
?The world focuses on the Chinese Communist Party's anti-corruption. The reason is not only the international influence of China, but also the observation of its own problems.

??In recent days, an English video of the Chinese Communist Party's anti-corruption from an external perspective has quickly become popular. In the short film, the leaders of political parties in many countries spoke highly of the positive results achieved by the CCP in strictly administering the party. How can the ruling party strengthen its own governance in the ever-changing international political situation? The practice of the Communist Party of China provides a powerful reference for this worldwide proposition.

??Any kind of power arrangement may lead to corruption due to power restrictions and improper checks and balances. The world focuses on the Chinese Communist Party's anti-corruption. The reason is that in addition to China's international influence, there are also many observations about its own problems. Looking at the international news of the past few days, the global issue of corruption has become clear: Russia has taken the economic development minister suspected of accepting bribes, India has cancelled large-value banknotes to fight corruption and "black money", and the Korean prosecutors are suspected of Large enterprises pressured to donate huge sums of money for the first time to sue the "pro-letter door"... American scholar Fukuyama wrote in the "Diplomatic" magazine that the Trump campaign took full advantage of the public's dissatisfaction with Washington's political contributions, but if it solves it The means of the problem is only by himself - "he is too rich", and it is almost impossible to really solve the "American-style" corruption. From this kind of reality, the world is concerned that the CCP will strictly manage the party's new practice, analyze its political determination and policy path, and help to find a way to solve its own problems.

??Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese Communist Party has been strongly anti-corruption, and the political ecology within the party has been clearly improved. The world's perception has also evolved from shallow to deep: from the beginning with the singularity of the mind to grab the headlines of high officials, to the "China's anti-corruption is not a gust of wind The heartfelt admiration, and nowadays, international public opinion generally regards the CCP as a "phenometic level" political practice in the current era. The deeper comparison and reflection of various types are triggered. Joseph Nye, the proponent of the concept of "soft power," pointed out that "anti-corruption is to increase the soft power of the CCP." This argument is now gradually becoming a reality. After the Sixth Plenary Session of the 18th Central Committee, many of the observers who used the "card house" to look at Chinese observers began to change their habitual way of thinking, thinking about "taking the remedy as the main task and winning time for the root cause". "The human heart is the greatest politics." "The iron still needs to be hard" and the deep meaning behind the vernacular. China's unique political philosophy and governance philosophy are also accompanied by the theorization and institutionalization of the strict management of the party's new practice, and more frequently appear in the mainstream political narratives of the world.

??In fact, no ruling party can avoid the problem of how to "manage itself." In particular, the current international situation is undergoing profound changes. In the Western countries, the British referendum "Brexit", the rise of the right wing of the European continent, and the "anti-establishment system" of the US presidential election have been successful. A series of events have shown that various problems accumulated by countries over the long term. Accelerating the role of the political field, the completion of the reconstruction of mainstream political forces is a prerequisite for the country to break the wall. Political transformation has become a task that most countries have to accomplish, and it is even more crucial for the ruling party to strengthen its own governance. At the same time, a large number of empirical studies have shown that for developing countries, corruption is often the source of many social problems such as the disparity between the rich and the poor, and the cost of national economic development will also be greatly increased by corruption. According to World Bank statistics, the annual loss of wealth to developing countries is between 20 billion and 40 billion US dollars. American scholar Huntington pointed out in his book "Political Order in a Changing Society": "In any culture, corruption is the most serious stage in the most intense modernization." In many modernized climbing periods in developing countries, whether the ruling party as a "key minority" can strengthen self-governance is even more essential for the country's overall upward breakthrough.

??Faced with the common needs of countries in terms of their ability to govern and high-quality governance, the world significance of China's strict administration of the party is even more prominent. "The Chinese Communists and the Chinese people are fully confident that China can provide a Chinese solution for the exploration of a better social system." The political wisdom and political power demonstrated by the party in strict accordance with the strict governance of the party is not only the success or failure of the Chinese Communist Party, but also the rise and fall of China. Departments are also constantly giving the world a new perspective and new thinking.

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020161129ecbn000dv
##

The Shanghai Cooperation Organization Development Report points out that expansion is a major opportunity for growth and development.
595 words
20 June 2016
10:35 PM
China Net (Simplified)
CHOROS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. China Internet Information Center
++
China Net June 21st, June 21st, jointly organized by the Russian Academy of Social Sciences of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Research Center of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, the Development and Research Center of the State Council, the Eurasian Institute for Social Development and the Social Science Literature Publishing House. The " Shanghai Cooperation Organization Yellow Book: Shanghai Cooperation Organization Development Report (2016)" conference was held in Beijing.

According to the Yellow Book, the development of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization faces new opportunities. Among them, the expansion is a major opportunity for the development and growth of the SCO .

The next 10 years will become a period of rapid change in international relations and a crucial period for the development of the SCO . It is also a period for the SCO to upgrade its development level and enhance its international influence. The success of the expansion will help the SCO to enter a new era. The development stage has brought the organization to a new level of development. Therefore, the attitude towards the first expansion should be to adhere to the principle of prudence, prudence and steady advancement. We must be active, steady, and rigorous in procedures, and we must not be eager for quick success and quick success. specifically is:

First, the expansion of the staff must adhere to the concept of the organization and the "Shanghai spirit" to create a "safety community" and a "community of destiny" in Europe and Asia. Through the expansion of the staff, a more solid security and stability zone in Central Asia and the surrounding areas will be established.

Second, the difficulty in expanding the membership is complicated because it involves the positioning of the SCO and the direction of its future development. After the expansion, the SCO organization will expand geographically, and the number of member states will be expanded from six to eight. It is necessary to set economic integration goals and consider the future development path of the SCO . These need to be prepared.

Third, establish a contradictory conflict management mechanism to pave the way for expansion. On the one hand, border disputes, ethnic conflicts, and water disputes between Central Asian countries have affected the security of Central Asia to varying degrees. On the other hand, the contradictions between India and Pakistan and the border issue between India and Pakistan and existing member states need to be resolved before the expansion through the existing legal mechanism of the SCO . Within the framework of the SCO , it is necessary to speed up the establishment of a special conflict management mechanism to resolve conflicts between member states in a timely manner.

China Internet Information Center

Document CHOROS0020161026ec6l000he
##

Global Times



International forum
British ambition lacks support
Ma Wei
1096 words
9 January 2019
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
Ma Wei
Recently, the United Kingdom, which is in the "Treasure of the Brexit", suddenly took the headlines of the news: First, the British Defense Minister announced that it would rebuild its military base in Southeast Asia; second, a British think tank has announced the latest global power rankings. The list is that the United States is still the only superpower in the world, and in terms of global geopolitical strength, China ranks third, still slightly inferior to the United Kingdom.
Both of these developments reflect that Britain still positions itself as a "global power" to this day. So is Britain, which is now regarded as a typical medium-powered country by the outside world, have the strength to hold the ambition of a global power? The author believes that it can be examined from three aspects:
First of all, the overall volume is insufficient. With the development of science and technology, it has become a trend that various resources are increasingly concentrated in a few major countries. According to Kenneth Waltz, a well-known scholar of the theory of realism in international relations theory, big powers are powerful not only because they possess nuclear weapons, but also because they have enormous resources that can be formed and maintained at strategic and tactical levels. Various powers, whether military or otherwise.
Take today's international system as an example. Compared with the only three intercontinental countries, the United States, China and Russia, the United Kingdom has many shortcomings in the development of weapons and equipment due to lack of physical capacity: the lack of global satellite navigation systems and the lack of mid-range missile defense. Technology, lack of manned space technology, can not independently develop ballistic missile submarines and submarine-launched missiles, lack of strategic bombers and so on. These gaps will make the UK seem to be struggling on the road to a global power.
Second, the relatively weak economy has also prevented the UK from supporting the ambitions of a global power. Since 2013, France has surpassed the UK in the International Monetary Fund's (IMF) world economy GDP rankings. The decline in the UK's ranking reflects a significant slowdown in the country's economic growth for quite some time. Since the referendum on the Brexit, the pound has continued to depreciate, consumer spending has slowed, and prices have soared. In 2017, the UK's economic growth rate was -2.44%, which made many British people quite low. The future will be affected by the uncertainty of Brexit, which will slow down the operation of the two economic growth engines, consumption and investment. Even if the Brexit goes well, the UK economic growth will continue to slow down in 2019. Obviously, the weak economy has made Britain's ambitions somewhat hollow.
Third, dependence on the United States is an important constraint. In the past few decades, Britain has been the European country with the closest relationship with the United States. When interfering with hot events in other regions, the UK is almost in line with the United States. On the one hand, because the British lack of military projection capability, many military operations can only go out to the United States through the "big ship" of the United States, or participate in the US-led actions; on the other hand, they show their loyalty to the United States strategically. "We can reassure the United States to support the United Kingdom in some international affairs, so that the United Kingdom can highlight its sense of existence on major international issues, and at the same time it will not create conflicts with other major powers.
However, with the United States led by Trump frequently "retreating" and becoming less and less interested in "using military and other powerful means to promote the change of regime in another country", the United States, which is "isolated", will showcase the United Kingdom. The ambition of a global power will be a major constraint. The United Kingdom will increasingly realize that the big ship of the United States has been reluctant to let allies including itself take it. As a result, the UK's global influence will be greatly reduced.
In summary, regardless of volume, military strength, economic and intervention capabilities, the UK is more in line with the positioning of a medium-powered country, and its capabilities, strength and potential are not enough to support a "global power." I want to go back to the era of Queen Victoria, hard! ? (The author is a researcher at the Institute of Strategy and International Security of the Institute of Technology and International Studies, Institute of Technology, Fudan University)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020190108ef190001q

##
News background
The United States expands foreign aid and competes with China
Yang Hui Wang Yi
1130 words
16 October 2018
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
The newspaper's special correspondent in Belgium, Yang Hui ? Wang Yi
According to the New York Times report on the 14th, US President Trump quietly signed a bill a week ago, authorizing the creation of a new foreign aid agency, the US International Development Finance Corporation (USIDFC), to support the massive expansion of foreign aid, and to increase Africa, Funding for infrastructure projects in Asia and the Americas. This is very different from his previous position against foreign aid. US Congressman Joho, who promoted the bill, said: "President Trump has changed his mind, all because of China." The EU is also increasing its focus on infrastructure construction in Asia. The EU 28 foreign ministers plan to vote on the 15th to pass the "Connect Europe and Asia - the vision of the EU strategy" policy document to strengthen investment in infrastructure such as energy and transportation in Asia.
According to the New York Times, the US Senate passed the proposal to establish the "American International Development Finance Corporation" in early October, and Trump signed the signature last week. The agency merged the US Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) with the US Agency for International Development to provide $60 billion in loans and guarantees to US companies preparing to do business in developing countries, with the goal of countering China's growing Geopolitical influence. The New York Times commented that since he took office, Trump has repeatedly asked for cuts in foreign aid and has taken steps to weaken the US Agency for International Development. Rather than saying that Trump's transformation is suddenly supporting overseas aid, it is better to say that it is more willing to stop Beijing's economic, technological and political domination. "It took nearly five years for China to gain greater global influence by financing large projects in Asia, Eastern Europe and Africa." "Now Trump wants to attack the fire".
US Congressman Joho, who helped the bill, said on the 14th that he had also resolutely opposed foreign aid. "I changed my mind, Trump is also, it is because of China." Democratic Congressman Kongs said he was very surprised Trang Pu's transformation, "We are committed to increasing overseas aid in 2015. Trump's proposal is actually the same as in the Obama administration, but we have changed our face and focused on China."
The New York Times said that the US's renewed foreign aid began with the Obama administration, but it later became a means of competing with China's "Belt and Road" initiative. US Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Cork stressed on the 14th that Trump's approach represents a "strategic turn." He said that Trump seems to realize that only the projection of military power is not enough to compete with China. "We are witnessing China's actions in Africa and South America. People wake up and realize that we must contact these countries." It is questioned how Trump's aid program can select projects that can guarantee maximum economic efficiency and exert political influence. Shi Jiandao, an economist at the American Enterprise Institute, said: "I doubt this. Our overall philosophy is to lend money to big players and let them do business without losing money. We can't afford to lose. This is not really in China. competition."
Unlike the US Foreign Investment Division, which targets China, the EU emphasizes cooperation with China. The "Diplomatic Briefing" website reported on the 15th that the 28 foreign ministers of the European Union will adopt the policy document "Connecting Europe and Asia - the vision of the EU strategy" on the same day. This is the most comprehensive and systematic policy proposal put forward by the EU on the Eurasian interconnection. . According to the plan, the European Commission will create a platform to guide the flow of funds to infrastructure construction in Asia such as energy and transportation. The project funds will be funded by the EU's general budget, private funds, and European banks, and strive to raise billions of euros by 2020. The report said that the EU strongly denied this plan to counter China, and denied that it was to limit China's investment in sensitive areas of European countries. "It's not clear what impact the EU's project has on China's Belt and Road Initiative, but it provides another option for some investors." The document will be adopted at the next EU Leaders Summit. ?
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020181015eeag00009

##
International forum
How to look at the West and say "Marx is right"
Wu Bo
1081 words
23 May 2018
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
Wu Bo
On the occasion of the 200th anniversary of Marx's birth, the words "Marx is right" appeared not only in the mainstream media in China, but also in the mainstream media in the West to publish commemorative articles on this issue and discuss the reasons why Marx gained such lasting global influence. This coincidence coincidence is a matter of analytical value.
Marx's possession of lasting global influence seems to be the consensus of China and the West. This is reflected in his thoughts not only inspiring the exploration of socialism as an institutional form since the 20th century, but also to some extent affecting and changing the Western capital since the 20th century. The form of existence of doctrine. Obviously, the latter constitutes an important reason why some Western mainstream media pay attention to Marx at this special time.
The reason why they shouted "Marx is right" in unison, but also has the consideration of the problems in the current political and economic development of Western society, which implies the meaning of reflection and criticism. In understanding the critical aspects of Marx, many people in the Western world may be more sensitive and profound than some of us. In their vision, the name Marx is associated with capitalist critique. There is no doubt that Marx is the best pathologist for the survival of capitalist society. It is precisely because the current Western crisis once again demonstrates the critical value of Marx. On the occasion of the 200th anniversary of the birth of Marx, the mainstream media in the West also It is difficult to be indifferent.
We are naturally welcome and gratified by the echoes of some Western media and China. Their affirmation has undoubtedly strengthened the historical value and contemporary significance of Marx, the great thinker. It should be noted that with the gradual deepening of the capitalist social crisis, there are more and more people who affirm the practical significance of Marxism in the West. It is a testimony that Marx was named "Millennium Great Man" by the Western media at the turn of the century. However, the so-called socialist experiment since the 20th century is a negative history, and has failed and ended with the disintegration of the Soviet Union. It is still the mainstream view of Western society. The reason why Marx obtained a lot of serious treatment and respect among them, or only his problems as a thinker, or only some specific prescriptions he provided, rather than a fundamental plan beyond capital, as the New York Times said. "Although most people agree with Marx's diagnosis of capitalism, there are different opinions on how to cure it."
What needs to be calmly pointed out is that the negative understanding of Marxism as a violent revolution and class struggle is still deeply fixed by Western ideology. In their view, the survival mode of capitalism is still a "reality" that is destined to continue. The solution to the real problem has nothing to do with the survival of capital. Although there have been more and more forms of struggle in Western society and accumulated a lot of experience in struggle, the compromises of capital so far are only within the limits of what it can bear. In Marx, the changes achieved in the struggle are also It only has the meaning of microscopic and quantitative changes.
The voice of "Marx is right" in the West, while enhancing our road self-confidence, also puts forward a major proposition to deepen the thinking on the relationship between Marxism and the Chinese road, because in the eyes of some Westerners, although the Chinese road has achieved success, Marxism has nothing to do with it, which determines that we must continue to undertake the task of deepening the name of the socialist road from both theoretical and practical dimensions. This task is of great significance and far-reaching. However, this great experiment will continue until Marx's "the kind of society that he hopes to achieve, and the kind of society that more and more of us now desire." ? (The author is a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020180522ee5n0001v

##
Focus on China
We are witnessing the birth of China's governance
Keith Burnett, translated by Joe Heng
947 words
30 January 2018
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
===
++
The British "Financial City Morning Post" January 29 article, the original title: the era of the Empire re-entered, but it has Chinese characteristics earlier this month, hundreds of companies with the words "Shenzhen" innovative products to collect computer electronics exhibition. Shenzhen is a hotbed of innovation in China and a key point for the visit of the British International Trade Minister Liam Fox to New Year.
This is what China calls a "new journey, a new era," which is linked to the common mission of the Confucius Institute, the 12th Global Confucius Institute Conference held in Xi'an last month. The mission is to spread Chinese language and culture and to help companies that are eager to make a difference in this fast-growing market. This is how big powers will become even bigger - whether the world is ready.
Those who still have an impression of China still staying in the terracotta warriors in Xi'an may be unfamiliar with this contemporary empire with global influence. I have a deep understanding, even before attending the Confucius Institute Conference. I took a night high-speed train and traveled nearly a thousand miles from the cold Beijing to Xi'an. When the digital screen shows more than 200 kilometers per hour, I can't feel the slightest jitter of the train.
Later at the meeting, I heard the president of a university in Thailand telling how the Confucius Institute at his school taught the Chinese language and culture of the locals. why? Because Thailand knows that China's high-speed rail track will lead them, Thai people will soon be able to take a train from Bangkok to Kunming, travel to any place in this great country to travel or do business, wherever they want to go.
The American pioneers of the year knew that the arrival of the railway meant one thing: work. Thais (and now) realize that they will be part of a career that the world has never seen before, and they want to be part of the growing prosperity that comes with it. Chinese leaders are willing to invest in infrastructure on a large scale - connecting the entire Asia to a new era. They will succeed and the world will change.
As an Englishman, I have witnessed the remnants of the empire. And outside of half the world, a new era is opening. As I saw at the opening ceremony of the Confucius Institute Conference, I can see the changes in the global order.
After the regular lecture, an African young blind student was taken to the front of the podium. She is a student at the University of Khartoum and uses fluent Chinese to explain to the audience why she wants to learn Chinese. She loves the language, so her father encouraged her to learn Chinese so that she can go to work in a Chinese company in Sudan. When she was led down, Liu Yandong, vice premier of the State Council and chairman of the Confucius Institute Headquarters, stood up and thanked her for embracing the delicate African woman. I was sitting in the front row and I saw clearly the scene in front of me. This hug is not a perfunctory or simple love, it is full of warmth and love. Liu embraces a representative of the future world.
There is a story about George W. Prangkit, an early American politician. Someone asked, what can make new immigrants become real Americans, the senior politician replied, "Give them a Bill of Rights? No! It is a job for them." This is the Chinese (now ) The way to build an empire. From the ancient capital of Xi'an to Africa, and then through the "Belt and Road", China is expanding its trade and influence. This is a new Rome, and we are witnessing the birth of China's governance. ? (by Keith Burnett, translated by Joe Heng)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020180129ee1u0000s

##
Focus on China
The United States can't obstruct China's rise
Lee H. Hamilton, translated by Joe Heng
823 words
22 December 2017
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
Indiana University scholar Lee H. Hamilton
US "Huffin Post" December 20 article, original title: The United States needs to formulate a clear and comprehensive China policy China has become the number one opponent of the United States seeking global influence, formulating an effective China policy, now the United States faces The primary foreign policy challenge. We need to define, clarify and adhere to a comprehensive China policy.
20 years of rapid growth has changed China and its role on the world stage. Today, Chinese leaders are highly confident in their economic and political forces and want China to become a recognized regional and world protagonist. With the launch of the "Belt and Road Initiative", China's influence has further expanded... The Chinese have no intention of confronting the United States, but want to occupy a place and play a suitable role in world affairs. They don't want to be at the mercy of us or anyone else.
When deciding on China's policy, we should first raise the question of what the US interests are in the Asia-Pacific region, and we should make this as clear as possible. Otherwise, the (China) policy is a foolish account. The United States should also clarify the red line that China should not surpass. It must let the Chinese understand that the US military is strong, they cannot win in the conflict, and we will not tolerate other countries to control and dominate the Asia-Pacific region.
We do not want a potential hostile country to dominate the region, but the goal should be to maintain a stable and friendly relationship with China and there is no need to hinder China's rise. We should want China to be a successful country and a responsible member of the international community.
We will not stop China's economic and political rise, but Washington does not want Beijing to use its military power to expand its power in the region. Trump insists that China always thinks that it is cheaper for the United States, launches us into Asia, and vows to fight back. (But) I think there are better options. On the contrary, we should cooperate with China in a place where we can cooperate and compete with China in places that we have to compete. We must work hard to control relations between the two countries and achieve peaceful coexistence.
US and Chinese leaders do not want war. Today, Beijing faces many domestic and international challenges. The United States has no shortage of opponents all over the world, and we no longer need to give ourselves an enemy. In areas such as technology development, trade investment and influence, the United States is clearly competing with China. But at the same time, it has to explore and develop potential areas of cooperation, such as climate change, the Arctic, cybersecurity, intellectual property...
The United States should not give world leadership to China, and should cooperate with its allies to counter China's influence. But that doesn't mean fighting China, or trying to stop China from becoming a strong, affluent country. The question we should care about is not how big China is, but how China will use its power. In fact, we don't have a precedent for dealing with an opponent like China - we have to admit that China is a powerful country and we can't control its behavior. The United States cannot obstruct China's rise, even if we want to do that. ? (Qiao Heng translation)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020171221edcm0000q

##
Global Finance
IMF "moving the capital" China can be ten years?
Sun Wei Chi Ji Shuangcheng Ling De Xing Xiaotong
1379 words
26 July 2017
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
The newspaper's correspondent in the United States and the United States, Sun Wei Chi Ji Shuangcheng newspaper in Hong Kong special correspondent Ling De newspaper reporter Xing Xiaotong
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) established an office in Beijing in 1991, and 10 years later this office is likely to become the headquarters of the IMF. IMF President Lagarde said on the 24th that if China and other emerging economies continue to expand in the global economy and the IMF 's voting system is reformed, the headquarters of the organization will not be relocated to Beijing after 10 years. Experts said that China needs to release its international influence to build a financial center.
Lagarde's speech is not a joke
Reuters said that Lagarde said in the event hosted by the Center for Global Development in Washington that the relocation of the IMF headquarters is "probable" because the IMF is necessary as the emerging markets grow and become more influential. Extend the representation of these emerging economies.
The IMF's Organic Law stipulates that the organization's headquarters is located in the most economically strong member states. Since its inception in 1945, the IMF has been based in the United States. The United States currently has 16.52% of voting rights, and China's voting rights are 6.09%, ranking third after the United States and Japan. According to the rules of the IMF, general affairs require 70% of the voting rights to pass, while major reforms require more than 85% of the support rate to pass, and the United States is equivalent to one veto. Cao Heping, a professor at Peking University School of Economics, told the Global Times reporter on the 25th that the United States often gave the IMF a temper. Lagarde's remarks were warning the United States that the United States would converge on some policies.
Song Guoyou, deputy director of the American Studies Center of Fudan University, said in an interview with the Global Times on the 25th that Lagarde's statement is not a joke. According to the IMF voting rules, 60% exchange rate plus 40% purchasing power evaluation, weighted evaluation A country's total economic output, 10 years later, China is expected to become the world's largest economy, and may become the new headquarters of the IMF. Lagarde's remarks are predictions for major changes in the international economic landscape in the next 10 years.
"Brexit" threatens to lower London status
The International Finance Centre originated in Europe, and the first modern international financial center model emerged in Amsterdam, the Netherlands from the 17th to the 18th centuries. In the 19th and 20th centuries, London, England, jumped into a financial power. It was later the emergence of New York, becoming the world's first non-European city's international financial center.
According to the latest data from the International Financial Center Index GFCI, London and New York rank in the top two, playing a huge global influence in business and finance. However, the uncertainty brought about by "Brexit" may not protect the status of London's financial center.
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) said that some seniors in the City of London are worried that London's financial center status may also be overtaken by Frankfurt and Paris. Lloyd, the executive director of the London Stock Exchange, said the lost business is more likely to be transferred to New York than to European countries. Many UK-based financial companies have visited the European continent and are looking for a foothold in EU cities such as Frankfurt, Paris, Dublin, Amsterdam and Warsaw.
Asia also looks at Beijing and Shanghai
The rise of Hong Kong as an international financial centre in the Asia Pacific region began in the late 1970s. After the return of Hong Kong, the financial industry continued to flourish and the status of the international financial center was further consolidated. If the IMF headquarters leaves the United States, is there a chance for Hong Kong? Cao Heping said, "It is absolutely impossible. The era of Hong Kong has passed after 2012. It is probably 20 or 30 years later if we want to make a comeback." Hong Kong 01 Weekly reported that the financial industry looks like high-end, but Hong Kong The degree of financial innovation is lagging behind in other countries and regions.
Cao Heping believes that the potential of Beijing and Shanghai is very large. First of all, both are the financial centers of big countries. Beijing has gathered hundreds of colleges and universities with the strongest urban environment of financial innovation and technological innovation. This is the natural advantage of Beijing becoming a global financial center. As a global port city, Shanghai is located in the Yangtze River Delta region with the best economic development in China. Therefore, the advantages of Beijing and Shanghai undoubtedly have the potential for competition, and Hong Kong is not in the same magnitude as the two and cannot compete with it unless it seeks development opportunities close to the mainland.
How far is Beijing or Shanghai from becoming a real international financial center? Song Guoyou said that the international financial center has two decisive factors: first, how much the country's economy is; second, whether the city can become a center under the market role and policy support.
Song Guoyou believes that Beijing or Shanghai is not far from the international financial center. As far as the current situation is concerned, the total economic output of the two cities is the biggest supporting factor for becoming an international financial center. However, building an international financial center takes more time than building Rome, and it will take about 10 years to release cumulative international influence in the future. ?
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020170725ed7q00019

##
Focus on China
"One Belt, One Road" will enhance China's international influence
Gastina Crabtree, etc., translated by Chen Junan
802 words
23 May 2017
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
US CNBC website May 22 article, the original question: Why the soft power or the true value of China's "One Belt, One Road" plan "One Belt, One Road" initiative is to rely on infrastructure development to enhance China's rise in the status of a superpower, but its true Value may be the soft power brought to the world's second largest economy.
Given the scale and objectives of the "Belt and Road", it is difficult to assess the relevant infrastructure projects as a whole. The involvement of a large number of private, public and international institutions will exacerbate its complexity. At present, there are about 65 countries and regions participating in the "Belt and Road". Whether or not the "win-win" outcome can be achieved depends on many variables, including political risks, the business environment of partner countries, and economic stability. According to the report of the Economist Intelligence Unit, many projects are still in the planning or tendering stage.
The real benefit of the "Belt and Road" approach to China may be that China can gain international influence in the process of taking the lead in international policy and improving relations with partner countries along the route.
Tim Summers, a senior consultant at the Royal Institute of International Affairs in Asia, said that among emerging economies with similar development ambitions, China's soft power offensive is most likely to succeed.
Beijing has realized that there is a public image problem. At an earlier "Belt and Road" seminar, officials admitted that China has invested heavily in infrastructure in some countries, but it has encountered opposition because it does not care about the environment and local communities. Gong Xue , a senior analyst at the Nanyang Technological University 's Rajaratnam International Research Institute , said that in the new Silk Road, soft power is as important as hard infrastructure investment.
The Chinese government is well aware of its lack of soft power and invests in think tanks, scholarships, culture and media to reverse this situation. "Beijing is aware that the international investment environment is changing... (this motivates them) to consider details when formulating investment plans, such as responses to civil society, corporate roles, language and cultural barriers." Summers also believes that "Silk The metaphor of the road itself is a kind of soft power, which evokes the image of an era of openness, connectivity, peaceful trade, and cultural exchange in the minds of the people... China plays a central role in it."
Joshua Korantsk, a senior researcher in the Institute of Foreign Relations specializing in Southeast Asia, doubts whether the soft power goal of the project will be successful. He said that neighboring countries in Southeast Asia "are worried about China's increasingly confident military behavior in recent years, especially in the South China Sea", and India and Japan will not cooperate. But the strategy is more likely to work in Africa and some Eastern European and Central Asian countries. "Beijing is very popular there."
Summers said that China's "good reputation relies mainly on its economic achievements". He explained, "The best situation for China is that... (partner countries) only do business, not politics." ? (by Gastina Crabtree, Chen Junan)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020170623ed5n001mu

##
Focus on China
China-Pakistan Economic Corridor is not an East India Company
Saad Ahmed Dogar Chen Junan
643 words
5 January 2017
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
Pakistan's "Forum Express" January 3 article, original title: four reasons explain that the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor will not be another East India company conquered and colonized by the national police to alert any foreign activities, this is a natural thing. It is no wonder that some politicians have raised concerns about the China-Pakistan economic corridor, and some even warned that the China-Pakistan economic corridor may become another East India company. But this view is not far-fetched. The reasons are as follows:
The first is the difference in economic policy between the British Empire and the present China. The United Kingdom pursued mercantilism. They extracted raw materials and other resources from the colonies and then sold the manufactured goods back to the colonies. This way of economic exploitation and wealth accumulation without regard to the well-being of local people is at the heart of the East India Company philosophy. On the contrary, China does not pursue such guidelines. Although the main purpose of Chinese companies is also profitable, it will bring a certain degree of economic prosperity to local people, thus promoting stability and sustainability.
Second, we can look at China's activities in other regions, especially Africa. The East India Company maintains its power in the South Asian subcontinent through violence, and China's practice has been to expand global influence through economic prosperity rather than military power. China's contribution to African economic growth is reflected in trade and infrastructure. Throughout the African continent, China has built roads, railways, ports, airports and other facilities to fill the big gap that the West has not been able to fill.
In addition, when the East India Company penetrated, the Mughal dynasty did not desire foreign investment. On the contrary, it is the wealth of the British subcontinent. Before the introduction of investment in the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, Pakistan is not the "golden sparrow" in China's eyes. Pakistan has problems in the fields of economy, energy and security, so that foreign capital can be avoided. Therefore, Pakistan needs foreign investment.
Finally, the constraints of the court and regulatory departments. Pakistan has an independent political and institutional structure that did not exist during the colonial period. For example, the State Electricity Regulatory Authority does not approve the request for price increases from Chinese investors. This shows that China's influence is not absolute, and it is different from the case of the East India Company. ? (author Saad Ahmed Dogar, translated by Chen Junan)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020170104ed150000v

##
International forum
Facebook strives to enter China, the Western media is sour
Instant rain
1055 words
25 November 2016
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
Instant rain
In the past two days, the news of the US Facebook website "customized review software for the Chinese market" has detonated Western public opinion. The reaction of the media in the United States and other Western countries is not unexpected, because in the face of China-related matters, they are often in some kind of self-designed "ideology dilemma", as long as the Chinese government accepts or benefits China, they It is against. The Western media has fallen into the trap of "cynicism" that cannot be saved. They have turned a blind eye to the efforts of companies such as Facebook to enter the Chinese market, and the specific details of cooperation between enterprises and China, but they have tried to bring related companies to the "business". In the drama of Taiwan.
It should be pointed out that whether Facebook is seeking to enter China or Google is returning to China, these multinational companies are aware of the development trend of the industry. Judging from the actual development experience of other industries, most of the multinational enterprises that have abandoned the unilaterally set standards of the West and followed the general trend of the future have made great progress. For example, in the automotive industry in the manufacturing sector, Volkswagen was one of the first companies to choose to cooperate with China. In the 1980s, Chrysler, which lost cooperation with China, missed the market opportunity. Nowadays, enterprises in the foreign Internet industry need to meet the needs of "mutual buying and selling" in the era of globalization, just like the enterprises in the traditional manufacturing industry. Therefore, the starting point for their efforts to enter the Chinese market is understandable.
The United States has always been a big country in the Internet field, and even a bit of an "independent kingdom." It has great advantages in technology. In the past, there was always a feeling of being above and not paying much attention to China's status. But now, if American Internet companies want to develop better, they can no longer ignore the Chinese market. At present, Chinese Internet companies such as Tencent and Alibaba can live very well even if they rely solely on the Chinese market. This will of course make foreign Internet giants covet, and if they give up the Chinese market, they will live very tired.
When we talk about China's international influence, we often have a thinking from the inside out, that is, China must continuously take the initiative to divergence and expand its influence. In fact, the acquisition of this influence is sometimes an unconscious process from the outside to the inside, that is, the whole world needs the market, and China is one of the largest markets. The old Internet era has always been led by the United States, and China has learned to catch up, so we do not feel the "feeling of need" in the manufacturing field. But now it is different. With the expansion of China's Internet market, the world Internet industry is increasingly in need of China.
For Facebook Google's effort or that we should take a welcoming attitude. If Facebook can use this "special software" to adapt to policy requirements, knocking on China's door, from a business perspective, it will help expand its business landscape. In addition, this is also a good thing for the development of China's domestic Internet industry, at least it can introduce competition, so that local Internet companies have a sense of crisis, and then more standardized development and provide better services.
As for the so-called online freedom of speech that the US media talks about in Facebook , this is an old gimmick that no one in the world wants to take care of again. The US President-elect Trump yelled at the media, two days ago. It's not very lively. Besides, the so-called freedom on the Internet itself is not strictly defined. There are a lot of fake news circulating on Facebook during the US election period , which is not unrelated to excessive freedom. If the Western media believes that Facebook is a "free" company, then if it can enter China, it also means that the two sides have room for communication. In the context of globalization, cooperation and win-win is an inevitable trend. It is a welcome progress for Facebook to have such an attitude and take action. ? (The author is a technical economic observer)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020161124ecbp0001g
##

International forum
Who can represent the "international community"
Su Changhe
1116 words
10 May 2016
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
Su Changhe
A spokesperson for the US State Department recently elaborated on the US policy on the Syrian issue. When it was said that "not only the United States thinks that the entire international community has already believed that Bashar has lost its legitimacy", a reporter at the scene immediately raised an objection, pointing out that China, Russia and Iran account for a large part of Eurasia. How do you say that the entire international community believes that the Bashar regime has lost its legitimacy?
Western political and diplomatic expressions often appear to be objects and things modified with words of universal meaning such as "international", "world" and "global". If people do not identify, it is easy to be misled, thinking that those objects and things really represent the world, the world, and the world. The same is true for international rules. In the opening up of the outside world, we must pay particular attention to this aspect of identification. We must not assume that it is really an international rule because others say it is an "international" rule. We cannot rush to get in touch when we encounter something that is "international". Some countries, for their own interests, skillfully describe the rules that are beneficial to themselves as international rules and general rules. In other countries, their values, rules, and policies are often forcibly inserted into the values, rules, or policies of their international organizations, making them an international standard. We have to distinguish between them.
A closer look reveals that, at least in the field of international politics, apart from the authority of the UN system, it is really hard to say who really represents the "international" and "world" in the world. This reflects the trend of multi-polarization and multi-centeredness in today's world. Although the world's first-class powers such as the United States do not move, they mention "international". They often represent themselves as "international society". In many cases, they also call the name of "international society" to make others, but they are still free from many international multilateral treaty systems. In addition, it faces the problem of joining the international system or integrating into the mainstream international community. In a short unipolar world of a certain period in the past, some countries may be said to represent the whole world, but in the current and future multi-polar world, the issue of representation and interpretation around "international" will be controversial. Not necessarily a good thing.
Conversely, identifying the use of some universal words such as "international" and "world" in international relations is also important for us to understand the world and organize the world in a multi-polar world. For example, in the past our thinking was to "join" the international community. Once this kind of thinking dominates, it sometimes binds our ability to innovate. In the actual work, many cities have tried to attract more international organizations to settle in order to improve their international influence. This is actually very difficult. In fact, we can change our minds or issue ideas from active and innovative thinking. With China's investment in the field of international relations, resources and influence continues to expand, we have initiated the establishment of many international organizations, including the headquarters in Beijing and Shanghai in the Asian investment bank and BRIC banks. During the "two sessions" this year, the Supreme People's Court report also mentioned that China should establish an international maritime justice center. There are quite a few rules in the world, and there are only a few members at the beginning of the organization. However, as they continue to expand and absorb members, they gradually have regional and even world influence. The key point is that China's launch of a new international organization is not in contradiction with China's participation in existing international organizations.
Returning to the question "Who can represent the world", from the international political perspective, the sovereign international system represented by the United Nations is the most representative of the world. Therefore, China is of course committed to maintaining the general rules that are universally accepted by the United Nations or accepted by most countries. China has always maintained the authority of the UN sovereign system in international relations , not to replace who represents the world. However, with the changes in the world structure and the improvement of China's international influence, China can make new organizational and institutional innovations for the world in some regions or emerging issues. ? (The author is a professor at the School of International Relations and Public Affairs, Fudan University )
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020160509ec5a0001l

##
Focus on China
Boao Forum's new initiative attracts attention from Japan and South Korea
Feng Dou Zeng Xin
959 words
26 March 2016
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
Japan's "Asahi Shimbun" March 25 article, original title: China's initiative to establish an Asian financial cooperation framework Asia and other financial sector dignitaries attended the Boao Forum for Asia 2016 annual meeting in Boao, Hainan Province. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang proposed the establishment of the "Asia Financial Cooperation Association" at the opening ceremony. This highlights China's pace of accelerating its role as Asia's leading role.
Li said that China is proposing to build the Asian Financial Cooperation Association and is willing to cooperate with all parties to improve the construction of Asian financial markets and jointly avoid the recurrence of large-scale regional financial turmoil. The plan is to take the lead in preparing for the construction of the Bank of China Association, and join the financial institutions of various countries to create a more effective financing environment while coping with the financial market dilemma. China called on major Japanese banks to join. The Chinese side stated that the AIIB and the Silk Road Fund established by China have brought development benefits to Asia.
The Boao Forum is an international conference in China aimed at expanding the influence of Asia. The forum was attended by 2,100 people from 62 countries and regions around the world. (Fengdou translation)
South Korea's "Seoul News" March 25 article, original title: Li Keqiang pointed out that developed countries should adopt a growth-friendly policy. The Chinese premier said in the keynote speech of the Boao Forum that he hopes that all countries in the world will deepen cooperation, help each other and jointly oppose various forms of trade. Protectionism, especially in developed countries, should adopt more growth-friendly policies to avoid the spillover effect of some national policy adjustments. Some analysts believe that this refers to the quantitative easing of the United States and the Japanese currency depreciation policy brought to emerging economies. The negative impact is tantamount to indirectly criticizing trade protectionism in developed countries such as the United States and Japan.
Yonhap News reported on March 24th that the original title: Boao Forum once again witnessed China's desire to change the world economic order. The Boao Forum has been hailed as the Asian version of the Davos Forum . This year's forum has once again made people feel that China has a firm will to change the world economic order that was previously dominated by the United States. As everyone knows, China has led the creation of the AIIB and has worked hard to expand the international influence of the renminbi, all aimed at building a new economic order. Premier Li proposed to create the Asian Financial Cooperation Association, which was interpreted by the outside world as "China will continue to increase the number and scale of international financial institutions led by it, and change the current world economic order dominated by the United States."
Before the opening of the Boao Forum , Premier Li also held the "First Leaders Meeting of the Cooperation" with the leaders of the five countries of the Mekong River Basin to build a platform for the community of peripheral destiny. This move was rated as an expansion of the "Chinese Friends Circle." It should be noted that the United States and Japan have been "coveted" in the resource-rich Mekong River Basin. Through this "cooperation", China is equal to seize the opportunity.
This forum, which is attended by more than 2,000 political and economic scholars from all over the world, is regarded as a stage for China to show confidence. For example, Premier Li said in his keynote speech, "Because we are advancing structural reforms, short-term small fluctuations are inevitable. We will not operate against the laws of economic development and the laws of market operation due to small fluctuations. However, once the economy Running out of a reasonable range, we will take decisive measures to prevent stalls and keep the economy running in a reasonable range, in response to questions such as "hard landing" from the outside world, suggesting that the Chinese economy is maintaining a stable track. Reasonable speed. ? (Zeng Xin translation)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020160326ec3q0000h
##

International forum
China must not follow the trend of Europe
Wang Yizhen
1168 words
18 July 2015
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
Wang Yizhen
"Greece is the last straw to crush the euro zone." "Greece's exit from the euro zone will trigger a domino effect, followed by Cyprus and Portugal."... Since the outbreak of the European debt crisis, the argument for smashing Europe has been heard. But the Chinese have no need and no reason to follow the decline of Europe.
Has the EU held a big event? In fact, European integration is constantly advancing in crisis and compromise. The current Greek Brexit crisis can be described as "the storm in the teacup" compared to the "empty chair crisis" of the 1960s.
So, who is singing the EU?
The first is the United States. The United States and Europe are both partners and competitors in economic and political terms. American politicians both want the EU to "walk" - to share the responsibility of the United States as an ally, and hope that the EU "does not" - to the extent that it does not challenge US hegemony, especially for the euro. During the European debt crisis, the US credit rating agencies repeatedly sang the decline, which is evidence.
Followed by the Europeans themselves. There are three types of Europeans who sing the EU, one is the traditional "suspected Europeans" such as Britain and Denmark, mainly the Puritans, upholding mercantilism and pragmatism. There is no lack of sings and sings with the United States. Second, the European continent hates iron. The elite, through the singer of the EU, warned the EU to unite; the third is the European media and think tanks, the media itself is not worried about reporting, and the think tank is limited to financial and institutional issues, which is greatly affected by the US factors.
There are also other countries and peoples in the region, including Russia and the former European colonies. From a traditional national perspective, I don't know where the EU is strong, or I don't want the EU to be strong, or look down on the EU for historical reasons, real needs, especially its own model.
In contrast, China is affected by the above three types of countries to varying degrees, often ignoring its own independent position. The strategic value of the EU is reflected in at least three aspects:
For the world, the EU shoulders three missions. One is to maintain the diversity of the world and avoid the Americanization of the world. The second is to deal with the world's uncertainty challenges. The EU has made significant contributions to maintaining peace, diplomatically resolving disputes, building peace, and responding to non-traditional security. The EU is exporting peace compared to the United States exporting war. Third, push the world out of the cycle of historical tragedy. As a "coming man", the EU is striving to promote effective multilateralism, global governance and a multi-polar world in today's world, avoiding the recurrence of political tragedies in modern European powers. The Iranian nuclear agreement just reached proves the effectiveness of multilateral diplomacy advocated by the EU.
For Europe, the EU is an institutional and organizational force for maintaining lasting peace and social stability in Europe. It is the main channel for Europe to maintain its international influence, a strong reliance on European prosperity and international competitiveness, and a promotion of "European identity." Important carrier. The soft power of the EU is particularly manifested in Europe and its surrounding areas, including the great centripetal force in the former Soviet Union, West Asia, North Africa and the Middle East.
For China, the EU is an important reliance on China's diplomacy and an important partner for multi-polarization and global governance. The significance of the EU to China is more reflected in China's internal affairs:
From the perspective of artifacts, the EU as the largest trading partner and technology transferor is one of the main technologies, funds and market sources for China's reform, opening up and modernization. From the institutional level, the EU's people's wealth model and civil system For China after the Guoqiang, especially in the key stage of China's current development model, it is more valuable. From a spiritual perspective, the EU's philosophy has important implications for the construction of my destiny community. Not only that, but given its unique position in international influence and China-based public opinion, Europe is also an important discourse resource to enhance my soft power and international image.
China must not sing the Europeans with the wind, but must realize the transcendence of understanding and rationalize the strategic positioning of the EU in my overall diplomatic situation. The "Belt and Road" unites East Asia and Europe among the world's three major manufacturing bases, linking the Asia-Pacific region, the world's economic engine, to the EU, the world's largest economy, and rediscovering the strategic value of the EU. ? (The author is the director and professor of the European Union Research Center of Renmin University of China)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020150717eb7i0000q

##
Focus on China
International polls look at China, increasingly positive
Michel Frolocks Chen Junan
422 words
26 June 2015
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
++
US "International Financial Times" June 24 article, original title: The survey shows that the international view of China is increasingly positive despite the international concern about China's support for cyber attacks and disputes with neighboring countries' maritime territories, but a new investigation It has been found that people around the world are increasingly positive about China. A recent survey by the Pew Research Center shows that China is approaching the United States in terms of global sensibility.
The survey was conducted in 40 countries, and of the 27 countries, most of the respondents believe that China will or has replaced the United States as the world's number one power.
In the survey conducted this year and last year, the positive evaluation of China has become more. In 2014, the average ratio of these countries to China was 49%, and by 2015 it was 54%. The negative rating dropped from 38% to 34%.
Under the leadership of President Xi Jinping, China is taking a multi-pronged approach to become a global leader, although its military strength is far less than that of the United States. China is enhancing its global reach by expanding trade, aid, investment and soft power - whether they are welcome or not.
Under Xi Jinping's rule, China's plan to improve its international image has produced results. Pew reported that 55% of the countries surveyed had a positive view of China. The most positive view of China is concentrated in Africa and Latin America, where Beijing has economic cooperation and invests heavily in the production of primary products such as local infrastructure and oil. ? (author Michel Frolocks, translated by Chen Junan)
Global Times Online
Document GLOTOS0020150625eb6q0000r
##

International forum
Chinese people may wish to bearish the title of "big country"
Hu Xiancheng
688 words
11 August 2014
Global Times (Simplified)
GLOTOS
Chinese - Simplified
Global Times Online (Beijing) Culture Communication Co.,Ltd
Hu Xiancheng
++
The Japanese Defense Minister recently claimed that Japan is a "big country", which led to people's discussion of the country's "big" and "small".
Looking at a country's "big" and "small", people's general views include nothing but population, land area (including the ocean), economic aggregate, and international political influence. China is a big country in the eyes of the world. It is over 1.3 billion people in terms of population. It ranks second in the world in terms of economic aggregates, and has 9.6 million square kilometers of land and 3 million square kilometers of marine land. In addition, China or the United Nations permanent members. Therefore, China's policy of "great power diplomacy" is in line with the actual situation in China.
We may wish to laugh at Japan as a "big country"; the status quo of China's "big country" should also be indifferent. Too much entangled in the title of "big country" and "small country", the practical significance is not great.
Americans don't have to stress that they are big countries, but no one can deny that the United States is now the world's strongest power, its super status and great influence are unmatched; Singapore is a "small country" in the eyes of people, but its international political influence However, many countries are far behind.
The title of "big country" is a virtual thing. The feeling is that it seems that the title of "big country" matches its own international influence. The fact is often the opposite. In dealing with international affairs, it is obviously more important to strength. The country is strong, its influence is improved, and people will respect you and regard you as a "big country." In modern history, China was large and weak, and was once regarded as a "sick man of East Asia" and was bullied by imperialism.
In international relations, the key role is hard power and soft power. Others do not see that you are "big" or "small", and more concerned about whether you are strong or not. In addition to bringing a little vanity to a national who is not confident, the "big country" will not bring any practical benefits to a country. On the contrary, in the eyes of others, the "great powers" still need to bear more moral responsibilities, have more stringent ethical standards in the international community, and do not take much advantage in actual interests.
China is now a "big country", but it is not a strong country. This inspires us to position the country's construction standards more on "strong but not strong", otherwise it is easy to mislead our construction direction. Therefore, we do not have to worry too much about this issue. As for how Japan says that it is a "big country" or a "small country", it is its own inner entanglement. While we are burying ourselves in building a strong country, we may wish to make this issue even lighter. ? (The author is an editor of a military magazine)
Global Times Online

##
Xinhua

(International) Interview: China Plays a Positive Role in Promoting the Development of the SCO--Interview with the Special Representative of the Russian President's SCO Affairs, Hakimov
Wu Gang
704 words
14 June 2018
08:23 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2018 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
?Xinhua News Agency Fu Ladi Wosi Tuoke 6 Yue 15 Ri Dian Interview: China to promote the SCO to play an active role in the development - Interview with Russian President SCO Special Representative Hakki Karimov ??Xinhua News Agency reporter Wu Gang Wang Chen Di, "Russia attaches To evaluate China 's positive role in promoting the development of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , and we are willing to strengthen cooperation with China and continue to promote the development and growth of the SCO ." The Russian President 's Special Representative for SCO Affairs, Hakimov, said in an exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency . Hakki Karimov said that China served as the SCO between the Presidency of the year, held about 140 field SCO activities within the framework of consolidating and promoting the SCO internal collaboration member states to expand the SCO The regional influence of the organization attracts more and more countries committed to maintaining regional security and prosperity to join the SCO . The Russian side highly appreciates this. Hakimov said that the SCO is a truly comprehensive regional organization and capable of solving major regional issues, and its international influence is also expanding. Supporting the development and growth of the SCO is the "Shanghai spirit" of mutual trust, mutual benefit, equality, consultation, respect for diverse civilizations, and seeking common development. The Russian side is willing to work with China to maintain regular consultations on major regional and international issues with the guidance of the "Shanghai Spirit" and jointly safeguard regional and world peace and stability. Talking about the SCOIn recent years the development of Haji Karimov said that the SCO was founded 17 years ago, in the fields of politics, security, economy, cultural exchanges have established a cooperation mechanism, formed a friendship, mutual between member states the letter and mutually supportive relationship, this is the SCOvaluable property, as well as SCO biggest achievement of development achievements. Future, the SCO member states will strive to enhance the level of economic cooperation to the level of cooperation in the field of security, to strengthen multilateral consultation and cooperation, the progressive realization of the SCO free flow of internal goods, services and capital. Hakimov said that today's world is experiencing an extraordinary period. On the one hand, maintaining world multi-polarization is a universal claim of all countries in the world. On the other hand, individual countries are also trying to impose their will on other countries by violent means. SCO member states have advocated the establishment of a multi-polar world, advocates strengthening the UN central coordinating role and the Security Council, advocated solving problems through dialogue and consultation, oppose sanctions and the use of force. (Finish)
01
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020180615ee6f0005m

##
(Xinhua International Time Review) Ufa Summit guides the new development of the SCO
Hu Xiaoguang Wu Gang
1174 words
10 July 2015
11:36 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright (C) Xinhua News Agency 2015. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Moscow, July 11th (Xinhua International Review) Ufa Summit guides the new development of the SCO
Xinhua News Agency reporter Hu Xiaoguang Wu Gang
The fifteenth meeting of the Council of Heads of State of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization was held in Ufa, Russia, from September 9 to 10. Faced with the new opportunities and challenges brought about by the current international and regional situation, the heads of state of the member states emphasize the upholding of the "Shanghai spirit", strengthen solidarity and mutual assistance, and realize the blueprint for the development of the new leap in the next decade.
In the 14 years since the establishment of the SCO, member states have formed a close community of destiny and interests. Security and economic cooperation are two "wheels" that push the SCO to move forward. The two complement each other and are indispensable.
Safeguarding regional security and stability in the SCO inception, it is one of the important mission of the organization. At present, traditional security threats and non-traditional security threats are intertwined, and security connotations and extensions are further expanded. As an effective mechanism for maintaining peace and stability in Asia and Europe, SCO member states further improve security cooperation mechanisms and continuously strengthen bilateral and multilateral cooperation. Efforts to improve the ability to respond to security threats and challenges will help mutually beneficial cooperation among member states and create a relatively safe and stable environment for common development and prosperity.
At the summit, the heads of state achieved tangible and weightful achievements in the field of security cooperation: signed the " Shanghai Cooperation Organization member states border defense cooperation agreement" and approved the " Shanghai Cooperation Organization member states to combat terrorism, separatism and The "Outreach 2016-2018 Cooperation Outline" drafted the " Shanghai Cooperation Organization Anti-Extreme Convention" draft, and also issued the " Shanghai Cooperation Organization member states heads of state on the drug problem."
Economic cooperation is another "wheel" of the SCO . Currently, efforts to develop its economy and strengthen the SCO multilateral economic cooperation within the mission of the organization is member states have faced.
China put forward the construction of economic belt of the Silk Road for the entire Eurasian region, the SCO six member states are within the scope of its coverage, to promote the Silk Road Economic Belt and the Russia-led Eurasian Economic Union relative access, will confer on The new development content of the OECDeffectively promotes economic and trade cooperation among member states.
The cooperation between the Silk Road Economic Belt and the Eurasian Economic Union has significantly enhanced the role of the SCO in the economy and promoted the development, cooperation and prosperity of the entire Eurasian continent. Around the "docking", SCO member states can strengthen financial cooperation through financial institutions such as Silk Road Fund and Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank , simplify the procedures for the examination and approval of commodity circulation and service industry, and even establish uniform standards in the trade field. The complementary potential of national advantages is transformed into real economic benefits.
During the summit, the heads of state also approved the " Shanghai Cooperation Organization to 2025 Development Strategy." This development strategy clearly plans the development prospects of the SCO in the next decade. Taking the Wufa Summit as an opportunity, the SCO , a multilateral cooperation platform with international influence, will surely make new breakthroughs in the fields of security, economy, trade and humanities, and take a new step.
The summit notably a big surprise, officially launched the same as observer states India and Pakistan to join the SCO program, which marks the SCO expansion member taken a substantial step, reflecting the close The openness of the organization . The important countries such as India and Pakistan joined the SCO . On the one hand, it shows that the organization's international popularity and influence are increasing. On the other hand, the expansion of staff also injects new impetus into the cooperation of the SCO in various fields, which is conducive to more effective Conduct multilateral cooperation.
The Ufa Summit has achieved fruitful results and is a landmark summit in the development process of the SCO . There are reasons to believe that under the guidance of the "Shanghai Spirit" of mutual trust, mutual benefit, equality, consultation, respect for diverse civilizations and seeking common development, the SCOwill further enhance its operational capabilities and comprehensively enhance the level of pragmatic cooperation, with collective strength and unity. The strength of cooperation and cooperation will jointly meet the challenges and enable the SCO to achieve brighter and longer-term development. (Finish)
##

More than 400 top scientists at home and abroad are living in the life sciences in Beijing
Wang Kun
910 words
27 October 2018
04:26 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2018 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
?Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, October 27 (Reporter Wang Kun) On October 27, the opening ceremony of the 2018 World Life Science Conference was held at the Beijing National Convention Center. More than 400 top scientists in life sciences at home and abroad have conducted high-level academic exchanges and the latest achievements in the fields of medicine and health, agriculture and food safety, environmental science, biotechnology and economics, and health policy. Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, Chen Yu, academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Professor David Baltimore, winner of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, attended the opening ceremony and delivered speeches. Li Jinghai , director of the National Natural Science Foundation of China, vice chairman of the Chinese Association for Science and Technology , and academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, attended the opening ceremony. The opening ceremony was hosted by Cao Xuetao , the rotating chairman of the Association ofLife Sciences of the China Association for Science and Technology, the president of Nankai University, and the academician of the Chinese Academy ofEngineering. The conference was hosted by the China Association for Science and Technology, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the China Association for Biological Sciences, and the China Biotechnology Development Center. The conference is "Science promotes a better life"
The theme. Chen Wei said that in recent years, with the continuous improvement of the level of economic and social development, the challenges brought by the people's health problems have become increasingly prominent. Improving the ecological environment and promoting the health of the whole people are the main tasks and challenges of the Chinese government. Life science is the common cause of mankind. Scientists of all countries should enhance the community awareness of destiny, strengthen international cooperation and exchanges, and continuously improve the overall development level of life science research. It is necessary to promote scientific and technological innovation, strengthen frontier and original joint research, build a platform for innovation and entrepreneurship, accelerate the transformation of life science achievements, and accelerate the transformation and sharing of scientific and technological achievements in a wider scope. It is necessary to advocate mutual learning and mutual learning, treat each other's differences with an equal and inclusive mind, promote the integration and development of traditional medicine and modern medicine, and make new contributions to the maintenance of human health. In order to respond positively to the "Implementation of Healthy China Strategy" proposed by the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, actively respond to the challenges of human health and living environment, strengthen international exchanges and cooperation in the field of life science research, enhance the cross-integration of various disciplines of life sciences, and promote life sciences and related research. Innovative development in the field, this conference has carefully organized 60 professional sub-forums in the frontier fields of biology and medicine through the combination of "academic, think tank, industry, science", as well as the Cross-Straits, Hong Kong and Macau Life Science Youth Forum, China Life Three comprehensive feature sub-forums, such as the Science Park Forum and the International Symposium on China's Biotechnology Development Strategy. In the same period, we will hold major achievements exhibitions and special exhibitions in China's life sciences, as well as a variety of popular science activities, around stem cell research, international science programs, vaccine research, biotherapy, artificial intelligence, and health industry. This conference is a grand meeting of the world life sciences and China's life sciences. It is also the highest level and most influential conference held by China in this field. It promotes the leap-forward development of China's life sciences and enhances the international impact of China's life sciences. Power is of great significance. ??Responsible comrades of the relevant departments of the China Association for Science and Technology, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Natural Resources, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, the Health and Welfare Committee, and more than 2,000 experts and scholars from relevant fields attended the opening ceremony. (Finish)
05
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020181027eear00aht

##
China's first scientific paper pre-release platform officially launched
Wu Jingjing
560 words
13 June 2016
08:06 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2016 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, June 14 (Reporter Wu Jingjing) China's first pre-release platform for scientific papers operating under the internationally accepted model--" Chinese Academy of Sciences Science and Technology Paper Pre-release Platform" was launched on the 13th. The platform will form an effective complement to the traditional journal-based results publishing method, and is committed to constructing a new type of academic exchange and sharing platform for scientific research results, ensuring the identification of outstanding research results, promoting the open access to scientific research results, and promoting A wide range of academic exchanges.
According to reports, the platform will be open to national scientific researchers to receive pre-printed scientific papers in Chinese and English and open archives of published scientific papers, and will focus on key areas such as physics, computer science, biology, astronomy, mathematics, materials science, etc. Gradually open up to more fields, and strive to build a new academic exchange platform that is widely recognized by the Chinese scientific and technological community and has certain influence and authority in the international arena.
Wang Keqiang, deputy secretary-general of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , said that the platform has three distinctive features. First, it creates an open and transparent exchange of scientific and technological achievements, which helps researchers to compete fairly and promote the rapid improvement of China's scientific and technological standards. Second, it guarantees outstanding scientific research results. The identification of the right to start will help expand the international influence of Chinese science and technology workers and promote the emergence of original achievements. Third, shorten the release cycle of scientific and technological achievements, help promote the rapid circulation and open access to scientific and technological achievements, and promote scientific and technological achievements. Effective conversion.
He said that the establishment of the pre-release platform for scientific papers of the Chinese Academy of Sciences is in line with the current international academic development and the open access to scientific and technological resources, and also meets the needs of China's scientific and technological innovation and the release of results, and is a breakthrough in the publishing mode of Chinese scientific papers. It is of great significance to promote the new publishing and academic exchanges of Chinese sci-tech periodicals and comprehensively enhance academic quality, academic influence and international competitiveness. (Finish)
05
##
(Xinhua International Time Review) "Priority" is not "common"
Zhu Dongyang
1055 words
17 January 2018
07:12 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2018 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
?Xinhua News Agency, Washington, January 18th: "Priority" is not "common" The United States is difficult to " reinforce " ??Xinhua News Agency reporter Zhu Dongyang US President Trump will usher in the first anniversary of the ruling on the 20th. Over the past year, the United States has carried out a series of "shocking moves" in the field of foreign policy, which has continuously impacted the international consensus on multilateral cooperation and brought new challenges to global governance. From the current point of view, the diplomatic framework established by the Trump administration with "US priority" as the starting point is gradually taking shape, the negative impact has begun to ferment, and the future world will continue to feel the "uncertainty" impact it brings. Promulgating an "immigration ban", reviewing a number of bilateral free trade agreements, reversing the improvement of US-Cuban relations, fighting with North Korea and other countries, refusing to confirm Iran's compliance with the Iranian nuclear agreement, and announcing the recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. The first national security strategy will be multinational. Listed as a strategic opponent or enemy... In the past year, the "fire and anger" of US foreign policy has left a deep impression on the world. At the beginning of the new year, from the attack on Pakistan's "anti-terrorism" to the publication of interference in the hard-line rhetoric of Iran's political situation, and the freezing of financial aid to Palestine, the "gunpowder flavor" of Trump's government diplomacy remains undiminished. Beyond "Fire and Fury," "retreat" is probably the most vivid vocabulary describing American diplomacy in the past year. Withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, the Climate Change Paris Agreement, and withdraw from UNESCOWithdrawal from the process of formulating the Global Compact on Immigration... A series of diplomatic decisions full of conservatism and isolationism have made American traditional allies unprepared, and the international community has questioned US leadership and credibility. It is not difficult to find out the US diplomatic performance in the past year. Trump's foreign policy has continued the "anti-traditional" style during his campaign. Quite different from previous US administrations, the Trump administration has abandoned traditional diplomatic demands such as formulating international rules, maintaining international order, sharing multilateral values, and integrating regional platforms. It may be useful to sort Washington's current diplomacy: "US priority" is more important than international order, hard power is more important than soft power, and domestic votes are more important than international applause. This kind of utilitarian diplomatic decision-making driven by issues and docking domestic interests is difficult to form a systemic diplomatic strategy, often dilemma between geopolitical realities and economic nationalist preferences. The broader impact is that some of the Trump administration's practices have triggered the "trust crisis" of the international community's leadership in the United States. As the United States goes further and further on the road of unilateralism, the voice of opposition from the international community is on the rise. Last December, Lian Geguo meeting to vote on any change in the status of Jerusalem by the decision finds that "invalid" resolution. Although the United States warned that the countries that voted in favor of the vote would face the "autumn account" of the United States before the vote, the overwhelming majority of the results of 128 votes in favor and 9 votes against the show showed the hearts of the international community. Darrell West, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in the United States, said that the Trump administration's foreign policy has not only brought about the expected results, but has made the United States a target.
??I have emphasized that I have paid too much and others have taken advantage of it. I have pursued my own profits without paying attention to the interests of other countries. In the face of allies' soft and hard demands and sharing of responsibilities, they have used various excuses to shirk their international obligations. This kind of US is not only difficult. With the respect and trust of all countries, it is even more impossible to have sufficient moral appeal and international influence to achieve their own demands. The world today is becoming more and more a community of destiny among you and me, and the mentality of zero-sum thinking and your loss of winning is inseparable from the interests of all countries and is inseparable from the interests of all countries. The big trend is reversed. It should be noted that the "shared" side has the benefit of "priority" and it is difficult to guarantee the United States "Ricken". (Finish)
01
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020180118ee1i0008d
##

Li Keqiang Meets with UN Secretary-General Guterres
Bai Jie
421 words
28 November 2016
08:49 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2016 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, November 28 (Reporter Bai Jie) Premier Li Keqiang met with UN Secretary-General Guterres in the Great Hall of the People on the afternoon of the 28th .
Li Keqiang congratulated Guterres on his election to the new UN Secretary-General. He said that the current international economic and political structure is undergoing profound changes. The international community should adhere to the multilateral cooperation system centered on the United Nations and adhere to the general direction of economic globalization and political multi-polarization. We hope that the United Nations continue to firmly maintain the " United Nationspurposes and principles of the Charter" to promote the equality of Member States to participate in global governance, support to enhance the representation and voice of developing countries in international affairs. Implement the sustainable development agenda. Promote the settlement of disputes through political means and peaceful means.
Li Keqiang pointed out that this year coincides with the 45th anniversary of China 's resumption of its legal seat in the United Nations , and China 's cooperation with the United Nations has entered a new stage. As the world's largest developing country and a permanent member of the UN Security Council, China is willing to strengthen cooperation with all parties to support the UN in safeguarding authority, enhancing its capabilities, better coping with various challenges, and promoting world peace, stability, sustainable and inclusive development. .
Guterres said that China's development has achieved remarkable achievements and its international influence has been increasing, playing an important role in UN affairs. The United Nations appreciates China's active implementation of the sustainable development agenda and is willing to work closely with China to jointly meet challenges and promote economic globalization and inclusive development. (Finish)
01
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020161128ecbs007ep

##
UN Under-Secretary-General: Hope China becomes a global leader in new energy
Li Wei
528 words
15 May 2014
02:58 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2014 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, May 15 (Li Wei Lu Chang) is under the auspices of the 17th Beijing Science and Technology Fair, the UN Under-Secretary-General and Executive Secretary of the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific, Shamshad Akhtar In an exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency , China's influence on the international stage is rapidly increasing. She hopes that China can increase technological innovation and financial support and become a global leader in the field of new energy.
Akhtar said that in recent years, China's economy and society have developed rapidly and its international influence has been strengthened. The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific is a platform between regional governments with more than 50 members involved. Through this "window" observation, China is actively participating in international interactions in terms of environment, climate warming, and social inclusion, and has made remarkable achievements in space technology, disaster warning, and satellite launch.
"I hope that China can become a global leader in the field of new energy. This is a major event affecting the global environment. I hope China can actively participate in it." She said that in recent years, China has made many achievements in scientific research and development. The transformation of financial support results is of great significance for breaking through development difficulties and promoting "South-South cooperation."
"China has a unique importance in the international community and is a unique international role." Shamshad said that as the Beijing Science and Technology Fair demonstrated, China has excellent scientific, technological and innovation achievements. Therefore, when investing overseas, China must ensure that its scientific research results can effectively enhance the local social welfare and enable the efficient use of scientific and technological innovation resources.
She said: "It is very impressive that in recent years Chinese leaders have traveled to Africa and Latin America to actively promote 'South-South cooperation'." She pointed out that this not only brings opportunities for Chinese investors, but more importantly, China offers opportunities to participate in other continents. (Finish)
05
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020140515ea5f000pb
##

Efforts to become the world's major science center and innovation highland - General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the academician's meeting of the two academies caused a warm response
Hu Wei
1635 words
1 June 2018
07:52 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2018 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
?Xinhua News Agency Beijing Yue 6 1 - Title: to become the world's leading scientific centers and innovation Highlands - General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the General Assembly of the academicians attracted enthusiastic responses of the five ??Xinhua News Agency reporters Hu Zhe Bai Guolong, Xiaohai Chuan Xi Jinping total secretary of the Chinese Academy of Sciences nineteenth Academy of the General Assembly, Chinese Academy of Engineering, delivered an important speech academician fourteenth Congress. In the past few days, academicians of the two academies and the vast number of scientific and technological workers have carefully studied and understood the actual work. "Innovation" has become a high-frequency word that everyone is hotly discussing. In recent years, China has adhered to the global science and technology innovation network, established a community consciousness of human destiny, and deeply participated in global science and technology innovation governance. Science and technology workers said that they should take the initiative to launch global innovation issues and comprehensively improve the globalization and international influence of China's scientific and technological innovation. (Subheading) China's innovation tide is not closed. Promote independent innovation at a higher starting point. General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out in his speech that China's contribution to world science and technology innovation has increased dramatically, and China has become an increasingly important pole in the global innovation landscape. Academician Guo Huadong of the Institute of Remote Sensing and Digital Earth of the Chinese Academy of Sciences listened to the speech . He said: "China's innovation tide is not closed, but is integrated with the world. At present, the innovation elements are more open and the liquidity is significantly enhanced. We must Drawing on internationally advanced intellectual resources, we will carry out openness and innovation to the end, and promote independent innovation at a higher starting point." Establishing technology funds and incubators overseas, setting up international innovation headquarters, and increasing the localization rate of overseas employees... In recent years, The global layout of China's technology companies in the international arena is frequent. ??Chinese Academy of EngineeringAcademician Fan Daiming said: "The general secretary pointed out that 'not to refuse the flow of people, the side is Jianghai', which points us the direction. Technology is a common cause of mankind, we need everyone to advance together, and we must not close the door to innovate. If we do not communicate or cooperate, it will be difficult to generate new sparks." "??" explores the moon and "??" goes ahead. China's recently launched "Bengqiao" relay satellite has also opened a new prelude to the international cooperation of lunar exploration. The "Bengqiao" carries a low-frequency radio detector developed by the Netherlands, and will conduct on-orbit scientific detection experiments in the future. ??Sun Zezhou, chief designer of the No. 4 detector of the China Academy of Aerospace Science and Technology, said: "General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out that it is necessary to deepen international scientific and technological exchanges and cooperation, which gives us full confidence in the international development of China's space industry. We plan to launch the No. 4 Carrying scientific research loads from Germany and Sweden on the back of the moon, China's lunar exploration mission will create a platform for scientific exploration for more countries." (Subheading) International scientific cooperation has become an inevitable plan to promote and promote technological innovation with a global perspective.
??The "World's Giant Eyes" SKA Square Kilometer Array Radio Telescope provides a new historical opportunity for human understanding of the universe; the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor Program strives to bring more clean energy to humans; the Human Genome Project explores the mysteries of life... In recent years, China The international big science plan and the big science project have appeared frequently and achieved a series of fruitful results. This provides a vivid case for learning and understanding the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping. "Scientific research has entered the era of big science, and the scope, scale, and complexity of many problems have been expanding. It has gone far beyond the affordability of a single country, making international scientific cooperation a necessity." Ye Dongbai, director of the Department of International Cooperation of the Ministry of Science and Technology, believes Based on the principle of sharing, building and sharing, the Great Science Project and the Great Science Project are high-end platforms that gather global superior scientific and technological resources, help build a global innovation governance system, and contribute Chinese wisdom to solving major scientific problems in the world. "A healthy scientific research system should be our participation in other people's science and technology cooperation programs, and also initiate our own plans." Academician Wang Yifang , director of the Institute of High Energy Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences,said that our own plans should be internationally competitive and technologically advanced. And the possibility of achieving significant results. "The overall planning and optimization of large science projects, large science projects, large science centers, and international science and technology innovation bases is a key move to accelerate the development of science and technology." Wang Juncheng, a researcher at the Institute of Marine Instrumentation, Shandong Academy of Sciences, said as a marine science and technology worker. The marine equipment manufacturing will be the forerunner, and the actual speech will be used to fulfill the requirements of General Secretary Xi Jinping's speech. (Subheading) Building the "One Belt, One Road" Road to Innovate to Make the Most of Global Innovation Resources "General Secretary Xi Jinping's speech made us more confident in the 'Belt and Road'." Liu Ruopeng, President of Guangqi Group, which established the International Innovation Headquarters in Israel We believe that we must use technological innovation and model innovation to integrate international factors and help connect the 21st century digital silk road. ??The Chinese Academy of Sciences has cultivated a number of international scientific organizations, platforms and research programs for cutting-edge scientific issues and global common challenges, involving a number of countries and regions along the "Belt and Road". Cao Jinghua, director of the International Cooperation Bureau of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , said that in accordance with the latest requirements of General Secretary Xi Jinping, we will maximize the use of global innovation resources and comprehensively enhance China's position in the global innovation landscape. ??Wei Yizhen, deputy general manager of China Aerospace Science and Industry Group, said that it is necessary to make every effort to improve China's influence and rule-making ability in global science and technology governance. "The people who are willing to take the initiative can be the first to be able to make a difference." The majority of science and technology workers said that under the general trend of integrating into the global science and technology innovation network, they must jointly meet the challenges of human development in the future and realize their own development. while other benefit more countries and peoples, and promote the balanced development of worldwide efforts to put my country's construction set to become the main scientific centers in the world and innovation high ground. (Finish)
05
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020180601ee61007vd

##
China will continue to promote the transfer of international and domestic industries to the central and western regions
Jiang Shengxiong Cao Kai
608 words
7 November 2016
07:08 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2016 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Zhengzhou, November 7 (Reporter Jiang Shengxiong Cao Kai) Minister of Industry and Information Technology Miao Wei said on the 7th that China will accelerate the implementation of "Made in China 2025" to create a number of advanced manufacturing industries with global influence and competitiveness. The base will promote the rational and orderly transfer of international and domestic industries to the central and western regions.
At the opening ceremony of the 2016 China (Zhengzhou) Industrial Transfer Series docking event, Miao Wei said that with the birth of a new generation of technological revolution and industrial transformation, and the global industrial transfer, China's industrial development is facing the return of high-end manufacturing to developed countries, and The double squeeze of the transfer of low-end and middle-end manufacturing industries to emerging economies, especially this year, in the face of economic downward pressure, the momentum of the transfer of labor-intensive industries such as electronics and textiles has continued to expand, and the steady growth of Chinese industry "bringing serious challenges."
The nursery called for a more rational and orderly industrial transfer and continuous optimization of the inter-regional industrial layout, thus gradually forming a modern industrial system with reasonable division of labor, distinctive features and complementary advantages.
Miao Wei said that China will form a distinctive and market-competitive industrial cluster through project cooperation, park construction, resource sharing, and mutual benefit, support the establishment of an industrial cooperation platform, improve cooperation mechanisms, and continue the innovation model for the Midwest. The region accurately creates conditions for the international and domestic industrial transfer.
As the docking platform for the industrial transfer jointly promoted by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Chinese Academy of Engineering and Henan and other nine central and western provinces, the China (Zhengzhou) industrial transfer series of docking activities witnessed the signing of 553 projects with a total amount of 234.7 billion yuan.
Among them, the contracted projects have a clear bearing situation, with 450 projects in the Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, with a total investment of 180.6 billion yuan, accounting for 76% of the total investment.
The event also attracted a large number of representatives from domestic and overseas companies and local governments. Li Yong, chairman of Zhengzhou Yutong Heavy Industry Co., Ltd., said that such guidance and exchanges are very beneficial. "Only by forming a clustered information sharing, we can find companies and projects that are truly suitable for us to carry out cooperation or capacity transfer."
07
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020161108ecb700020
##
[Revised]: J [(Cultural) First China-EU Creative Industries and Cultural Trade Forum opens in Belgium]
International Department
962 words
6 December 2016
01:28 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2016 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
On December 6th, the "Cultural First China-EU Creative Industries and Cultural Trade Forum opened in Belgium" was published. In the second paragraph, "Li Jianming" was changed to "Li Jianmin". Thank you.
Xinhua News Agency International Department
The revised manuscript as of December 6, 2016 is as follows:
(Culture) The first China-EU Creative Industries and Cultural Trade Forum opens in Belgium
Xinhua News Agency, Brussels, December 6 (Reporter Yan Ze Liu Jun) The first China-EU Creative Industries and Cultural Trade Forum opened in Antwerp, Belgium's second largest city on the 5th. Central and European scholars, cultural industry professionals and entrepreneurs gathered in Belgium. "Fashion Capital", in-depth exchanges on the prospects of Sino-European cultural trade and cooperation.
The event takes place in Antwerp Central Station, which is known as the "Railway Cathedral". Li Jianmin, the official of the Chinese Mission to the European Union, said: "For more than 40 years since the development of China-EU relations, cultural exchanges and cooperation between the two sides have continued to deepen. Cultural trade is the new engine for the development of China-EU cooperation."
Shao Changyu, chairman of the International Peace Artists Alliance and chairman of the European Chinese Culture and Education Foundation, said at the forum that Chinese traditional culture is a fist product to enter the international cultural market. "The integration and richness of Chinese culture is enough to generate a variety of daily necessities. The key is to solve problems such as cultural positioning, product positioning and product technology. As China's international influence continues to increase, China's traditional cultural derivatives will definitely The international market is leading the way."
Shao Changyu, who has been engaged in international art exchange for a long time, pointed out that cultural trade must go to ideology. The cultural trade between China and Europe needs further guidance from the government to avoid quick success and rudeness. He said that China has a long history and a splendid culture. At present, China's overall influence is constantly improving, but there is still a long way to go to transform culture into competitiveness. It requires more understanding of the market, a deeper understanding of national cultures and the necessary business skills.
Fred Oppismo, President of the New Silk Road in Belgium, said: "China's 'One Belt, One Road' initiative provides an important opportunity to promote regional development in the EU. Encouraging youth innovation and entrepreneurial development is an important prerequisite for promoting the development of China-EU creative industries. "
The president of the European Union's cultural management and policy network platform, Annika Schramm, said that the creative industry is a dominant industry in the Flemish region of Belgium and the entire European Union, creating rich added value for economic growth. Schramm hopes to combine European creative practice with the development of Chinese cultural and creative industries to promote further innovation in the creative industries of both sides.
Focusing on the practice of cultural trade cooperation between China and the EU, Chinese and foreign scholars have also conducted in-depth discussions on topics such as China-Europe Internet-Internet film and television cooperation, China-EU cultural tourism innovation, and the construction of Chinese-style towns and the Belgian creative economy, which have laid a solid foundation for China-EU cultural trade cooperation. The blueprint for the development of the operation, and expressed their full expectations for further strengthening cultural trade and cooperation between China and the EU.
The China-EU Creative Industries and Cultural Trade Forum is hosted by the China National Cultural Trade Academic Research Platform and the China-EU Culture and Arts Festival Organizing Committee and will be held in Antwerp and Bruges, Belgium. The event was part of the 2016 China-EU Culture and Arts Festival and was supported by Chinese missions to the European Union and European institutions. (Finish)
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020161206ecc6000gu

##
(International) Essay: The EU's "Marriage" Defence War
Feng Jian
974 words
19 February 2016
05:56 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2016 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 19th, essay: EU's "marriage" defense war
Xinhua News Agency reporter Feng Jian
The issue of "combination" and "disengagement" between the United Kingdom and the European Union has been raging in recent days. The main reason is the entanglement of the United Kingdom in whether or not to withdraw from the EU and the contradictions and sidelines of the EU. To this end, the EU has convened a special summit to conduct consultations and strive to come up with a "compromise plan" acceptable to both sides.
The combination of Britain and the EU can be compared to a 43-year "marriage" that is not firmly rooted. Since the first day of joining the European Union's predecessor, the European Economic Community in 1973, the UK has not been fully immersed in the integration of Europe due to geopolitical reasons, etc., and wants to catch up with the trains of European integration, so as not to be excluded. I am also worried about the loss of independence due to the over-tightening and deep-rooting. Therefore, despite the speeding up of the EU's integration and development, and the United Kingdom does not join the euro zone, but also stops outside the Schengen Agreement, it is worthy of the "extraordinary" among the major EU member states.
Of course, for the EU, the initial absorption of the UK is undoubtedly a major positive. First of all, the United Kingdom is a permanent member of the UN SecurityCouncil, a nuclear power, and a member of major international organizations such as NATO and the Commonwealth . It has a high international status and an important international influence. The United Kingdom will undoubtedly increase the weight of the EU. In addition, the United Kingdom It is also the second largest economy in the European Union and an important part of the European economy. It is indispensable for promoting the overall economic development of Europe.
In the past few years, people often said that Germany is the engine of the European Union, and such an important member of the United Kingdom is often "ignored", which reflects that the United Kingdom is not as good at promoting the growth and development of the EU as France and Germany. Of course, this is not unrelated to the fact that both France and Germany are continental European countries and both countries want to use the EU's platform to expand their influence. During the decades of development of the European Union, France and Germany have benefited the most.
So why do many British people advocate withdrawing from the alliance? There are three main reasons. First, they believe that the United Kingdom has contributed more to the EU and has less income, and has done "losing and losing". Second, after the recent expansion of the EU, a large number of immigrants from other member states have impacted the UK's social welfare system and the job market; The policy has hit the UK financial industry. Therefore, the United Kingdom requires the EU to amend the treaty and adjust its policies so that the UK can benefit more. Otherwise, it may withdraw its alliance through a referendum.
The problem is that the British withdrawal is an unbearable burden for the EU. Once the United Kingdom demands "divorce", the EU will suffer huge losses in political, economic, military and cultural fields. What is even more frightening is that the British retreat will create a dangerous "precedent" in the history of the European Union. Once the country is so effective, the EU will not "small and smash", and the European-integrated buildings that have been built by previous generations of Europeans may collapse. Therefore, the EU is trying to save the "marriage" with the United Kingdom.
But the EU will never pay no hesitation. The reason why the EU can be established and run for dozens of years, constantly moving forward on the road of integration, has its own mystery. This is the cohesiveness of the EU, the core value and the spirit of the contract that the EU has vowed to defend. This is the central nervous system and soul that can exist and operate, and cannot be sold. Therefore, negotiations between the EU and the UK are arduous.
The EU's special summit for this purpose is the first case, which shows the EU's helplessness and attention. The EU leaders traveled around the country and lobbied in many ways to defend the integrity of the EU and to maintain the crumbling "marriage" with Britain. This is the EU's "marriage" defense war, and there is no shortage of "combination" or "disengagement". (Finish)
01
##


(Culture) China will become the world's largest film market in 2020
Duan Jingjing
583 words
26 November 2017
10:12 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2017 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Hangzhou, November 27th (Reporter Shi Jingan, Duan Jingjing) "It is expected that by 2020, the Chinese film market will become the world's largest film market." Zhang Hongsen, deputy director of the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television, said on the 26th that Chinese movies are in the process. In the critical period from the big powers to the powerful countries, in addition to expanding the market, we must also enhance the core competitiveness of domestic films, build a soft power of film culture, and form the international influence of the film.
At the symposium on the topic of youth film creators held in Hangzhou on the 26th, Zhang Hongsen said that by 2020, the number of Chinese screens is expected to exceed 60,000, with an annual output of about 800 films, and the annual box office is expected to reach 70 billion yuan. China will likely become a new world film production center after Hollywood, and its concentration effect on world film resources will be stronger, and its contribution to the diversity of world film culture will be even greater.
According to reports, since the party's 18th National Congress, Chinese films have formed a relative "market tension" with Hollywood in the fierce global competition, relying on the size and status of the market. Sino-US film exchanges and cooperation are also developing in depth and comprehensively. . At the same time, due to the large and rapid development of the Chinese market, the film has formed "market gravity" for other countries in the world. This year's Indian movie "Wrestle! Dad, the Spanish film "Invisible Guest", and the Thai film "Genius Gunner" have all achieved box office in China more than their home market. The Chinese film market has become an important carrier of the world's film culture diversity.
On November 20th, the Chinese box office broke through the 50 billion mark for the first time. Zhang Hongsen said that the digital indicators of the film industry should have "thought weight" and "poetic character". The film industry should effectively improve the quality of the film, and refrain from impetuous style, and strive to create a masterpiece of "thoughtful, sophisticated, and well-made".
He emphasized that film creators, especially young creators, should deal with the relationship between "righteousness" and "profit". "Promote the taste, style, responsibility, resist vulgarity, vulgarity, kitsch", concentrate on creation, indifferent to fame and fortune With the goal of virtue and sorrow, I consciously resist the temptation and interference of money worship. (Finish)
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020171127edbr001e2

##
(International) Roundup: China's film and television program "going out to sea" is ready to go
Zhang Man
1427 words
21 October 2016
09:12 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2016 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Cannes, France, October 21st: China's film and television program "going out to sea" is ready to go
Xinhua News Agency reporter Zhang Man
On the 20th, the Cannes Autumn TV Festival came to an end. During the TV Festival, Chinese exhibitors from the group promotion conference to individual exhibitions and negotiations, and actively promoted the film and television works to overseas markets, the results are obvious, many works have won the favor of international buyers. The industry believes that the Chinese film and television program "going out to sea" has entered a stage of gaining momentum.
Cannes TV Festival is the world's largest and most influential international audiovisual products and digital content trading market. This autumn TV festival attracted a total of 14,000 industry participants from 108 countries and regions. It is reported that the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television has organized China's joint booths to participate in the exhibition since 2004. China's "Sense of Being" at the Cannes TV Festival has been increasing year by year. More than 100 companies and more than 300 people from the industry came to look for it. International cooperation opportunities, the establishment of China's joint booth, China's Zhejiang Province joint booth, China's Jiangsu Province joint booth and some companies' independent booths.
According to the reporter, during the TV festival, many Chinese exhibitors have successfully found international buyers, signed cooperation agreements or reached preliminary intentions. Huaying Planet (Beijing Huaying Planetary Culture Development Co., Ltd.) signed a copyright distribution agreement with its European agents for its "Magic Crystal Hunter" animation and comics produced by it, and is independent of York Animation (Henan York Animation and Television Co., Ltd.). The TV animated film "I am an inventor" won the favor of the Italian animation company and successfully sold the global overseas distribution rights of the work.
Song Siyuan, deputy general manager of York Animation, told reporters that she started to participate in the TV festival on behalf of the company two years ago. The initial gain on this international platform was "to get international orders and do animation production overseas", with technology With the accumulation of experience and international cooperation, the company has gradually started to co-produce with overseas companies, and finally realized the production of independent IP copyright cartoons and successfully promoted to the international market.
According to industry insiders, animated film and television works are more likely to resonate among overseas audiences because of the small cultural gap. In recent years, even the film and television dramas that have been branded by the culture have made good progress, and "gradually opened the door to the international market".
Zhejiang Huamai Network Technology Co., Ltd. is responsible for the group exhibition work of Zhejiang Joint Exhibition Stand. Chen Ying, general manager of the company, told reporters that Zhejiang Province has organized a group to participate in the TV festival since 2008. Every year, a group of film and television works will be introduced, and the whole Kung Fu drama and costumes will be introduced. The drama is highly accepted in Southeast Asia. In recent years, historical, family, and urban themes have also achieved good response in Africa and the Middle East. She explained that Chinese film and television dramas carry unique cultural connotations and are easily favored in areas close to Chinese culture and ethics.
It is reported that "The Beautiful Times of the Daughter-in-law" has caused a wave of ratings in Tanzania. "Struggle", "My youth who is the master", "Beijing Youth" and other film and television dramas broadcast in more than 40 countries including Kenya, Egypt, Senegal and Zambia, the response strong.
Chen Ying believes that although China's film and television programs have not yet penetrated into the mainstream markets of countries such as Europe and the United States, they have opened the door to the international market, and many companies have begun to cooperate with European and American counterparts at the level of capital and market, consciously co-production and Join the Chinese elements to pave the way for the mainstream market. In addition, Chinese film and television programs have a large number of Chinese audiences around the world, and "going out to sea" is poised for growth.
Many people in the industry have pointed out that although major companies are still mainly engaged in content transactions, they are also deepening exchanges such as expanding international distribution channels and seeking joint production, and gradually forming diversified and long-term sustainable international cooperation. mode.
People in the international industry have also perceived the momentum of "going out" in Chinese film and television programs. The media information company THE WIT partner Bertrand told reporters that the number of Chinese customers has been rising in the past three or four years. "Chinese production companies and TV stations have begun to get the latest information in the international market through us, indicating that they are starting to look at overseas markets." Many foreign companies have begun to show interest in Chinese film and television programs and markets, hoping to understand the status quo of the Chinese TV industry.
The rapid development of China's film and television industry has also triggered a lot of international attention. In 2015, China produced a total of more than 16,000 TV dramas and nearly 140,000 minutes of TV cartoons. The international influence is becoming more and more obvious. The Cannes TV Festival hosted the method. The National Reid Group announced that it will hold the Cannes Film Festival in Hangzhou, China in May 2017. "China Special" - MIPCHINA International Film and Television Content Summit Forum, helping Chinese film and television programs "go to the sea."
Xia Jingge, deputy secretary-general of the Hangzhou Municipal People's Government, who came to participate in the "China Special" conference, said that the current Chinese film and television drama "going out to sea" is in a turning point. Foreign markets are interested in seeing the carrier of Chinese culture "going out", and Chinese works are also needed. "Going out" for cultural innovation, the two sides have mutual needs, so the Chinese film and television program "going out to sea" is bound to go further. (Finish)
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020161021ecal006pp
##

(Economic) Roundup: The Asian Investment Bank has been widely recognized internationally for two years.
Prince Chen Shuairong
674 words
25 January 2018
04:59 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2018 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
?Xinhua News Agency Bulusaier 1 24-Ri Yue Dian Roundup: sail two years AIIB international won wide recognition ??Xinhua News Agency reporters Wangzai Chen Shuai Rong ??Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank ( Asian investment bank ) to promote infrastructure development in Asia and interoperability, deepen regional Cooperation and mutual development are the aim. Asian investment bank since its inception in January 2016 has been widely recognized, its membership from the original 57 increased to 84. ??AIIB President Jin Liqun recently by the Institute Bruegel in the Belgian Royal Institute for International Relations and co-sponsored the event, said Asian investment bank at the time of the establishment of only 18 months to get the three international rating agencies and the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision Zero risk weight determination. Jin Liqun said the Asian investment bank investment project is not limited to Asia. According to the terms of the agreement, any project that is conducive to the development of Asia, even if the project itself is not in Asia, can obtain investment from the AIIB. In addition, the AIIC executive team is also highly international. Jin Liqun said that although Asian countries accounted for about AIIB 75% stake, but AIIB five vice-president has three Europeans. Official statistics show that opened two years, Asian investment bank has provided more than $ 4.2 billion in loans to 24 projects. International observers believe that the AIIB is in line with the nature of multilateral financial institutions and is improving its international influence through high-quality investment projects. Pakistani economist Daoud said,The AIIB is a multilateral cooperative development bank that is very flexible and attractive. When investing in the project, Asian investment bank in terms of procurement, environmental protection and social security, adhere to the highest standards, and zero tolerance of corruption. Senior researcher at the South Asian Institute, National University of Singapore Emi Teng-Pa special forces are said Asian investment bank as a mechanism to focus on infrastructure development work, attention to long-term profitability in the choice of projects. Faculty of Social and Political Science, University of Sydney American sociologist Salvatore Baboneisi said that although Asian investment banking operations just entered the third year, but the bank open degree of transparency even with decades of operations The international multilateral financial institutions are comparable. Jin Liqun said that Asian investment banks are actively to the World Bank , the Asian Development Bank study other well-known multilateral financial institutions, to follow the high standards of governance structure and run according to international best guidelines. (Finish)
07
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020180125ee1p002s6
##

(International) Interview: The SCO's international influence is growing - Interview with Lu Jin, Director of the East Asia and SCO Research Center of Moscow Institute of International Relations
Warm
908 words
7 July 2015
09:36 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright (C) Xinhua News Agency 2015. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Moscow, July 8th: The SCO's international influence is growing - Interview with Lu Jin, Director of the East Asia and SCO Research Center of Moscow Institute of International Relations
Xinhua News Agency reporter warm
Since its establishment, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization has made remarkable achievements in maintaining regional security and stability and promoting the common development of member states. It has increasingly become a multilateral cooperation platform with international influence. Alexander Lukin, director of the East Asia and SCO Research Center of the Moscow Institute of International Relations , made the above remarks in an interview with Xinhua News Agency on the eve of the SCO Ufa Summit .
Lu Jin said that the cooperation of the SCO in the security field is the most remarkable. "It is mainly reflected in the regular holding of anti-terrorism military exercises, anti-terrorism information exchange, and coordinated coordination of intelligence departments." He said other security issues such as information security, combating drug trafficking and illegal immigration will also be resolved in the future.
Lu Jin said that in the current European and Asian region is looking for its own unique cultural value on the basis of regional integration , education and cultural cooperation among SCO member states is also particularly important. He also pointed out that although economic and trade cooperation within the framework of the SCO has considerable potential, economic and trade cooperation has been relatively slow due to various factors.
During the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to Russia in May this year, China and Russia issued a joint statement on the construction of the Silk Road Economic Belt and the construction of the Eurasian Economic Union. The statement said that the two sides will cooperate through bilateral and multilateral mechanisms, especially the Shanghai Cooperation Organization platform.
Lu Jin pointed out that this statement has given the SCO a new task of strengthening financial cooperation through financial institutions such as the Silk Road Fund, the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank , and the SCO Bank of China. Russian and Chinese experts are studying this aspect. work. Silk Road economic belt idea put forward by China can just open the current SCO impasse in the economic field, the SCO role, especially the role of the economy will be significantly enhanced.
The launch of India and Pakistan to join the SCO program will also be one of the topics discussed at the Ufa Summit. Lu Jin said that the time for the SCO toaccept new members has matured, and Russia supports and actively promotes the absorption of India and Pakistan into new members. "Some people may worry that the SCO will lose efficiency due to excessive expansion. Some people worry that it will be difficult to reach a consensus among SCO member states. But I believe that the advantages of SCO expansion are more than shortcomings. After India and Pakistan join, the SCO will become a stronger and more influential international organization."
The heads of SCO member states will jointly publish a joint statement in Ufa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the victory of the Second World War. Lu Jin commented on this: "The Soviet Union provided technical and expert support for China's war of resistance; in turn, the heroic resistance of the Chinese army prevented the Japanese aggressors from attacking the Soviet Union. Today, when our former 'allies' forgot Russia and When China plays a role in overall victory, we must always mention it." (End)
01

##
(Focus on G20) Overview: Demonstrate the power of the big countries to boost the global economy - Overseas media and experts and scholars positively evaluate China's hosting of the G20 Hangzhou Summit
He Mengshu
1242 words
6 September 2016
04:37 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2016 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 6th, Summary: Show the big countries to promote the global economy - overseas media and experts and scholars positively evaluate China's hosting of the G20 Hangzhou Summit
Xinhua News Agency reporter
The eleventh summit of the G20 leaders was held in Hangzhou from the 4th to the 5th. As the rotating presidency of the G20, China has promoted the summit to reach broad consensus on many important issues such as world economic development and innovative growth methods. Multinational media, experts and scholars pay close attention to the important information transmitted by the Hangzhou Summit, and look forward to China and the G20 to drive the global economy out of the predicament and embark on the path of healthy growth.
On the 6th, Singapore's "Lianhe Zaobao" published an editorial entitled "China Shows Big Powers" and positively evaluated China's role at the Hangzhou Summit. The editorial pointed out that the diplomatic significance of the Hangzhou Summit to China should not be underestimated. "It not only demonstrates China's unquestionable international influence, but also demonstrates its awareness of the responsibility of the big country. This comes from the achievements of the reform and opening up to the present, and the confidence it generates."
Another column article of Lianhe Zaobao pointed out that from the APEC summit in 2014 and the "June 3" parade in 2015 to the Hangzhou summit, China has sent a clear message to the world: the world economic center is shifting eastward, and the global economic recovery is slow. In the context of China, China is the "fixed sea god" of the world economy. Through initiatives such as "One Belt and One Road", Silk Road Fund, and Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank ( AIIB ), China actively expands the "friend circle" and participates in the international order.
One of the consensus reached and the main achievements reached by the Hangzhou Summit is that the parties are determined to point the way and plan the path for the world economy. The German "Youth World" article pointed out that China is "as a beacon of progress" at the Hangzhou summit. Although China's economic growth has slowed down, China is still the most dynamic region of the global economy.
Michel Gerachi, head of China's economic policy program at the University of Nottingham in the United Kingdom and assistant professor of finance, wrote that China's goal at the Hangzhou Summit is to promote greater attention to sustainable and inclusive development in the international community. This development is for the benefit of the world. Everyone. At this summit, China also placed Africa, a region that is often overlooked by the West, on the agenda.
Neil Renwick, a professor of global security at Coventry University in the United Kingdom , pointed out that the main role of the G20 Hangzhou Summit is to build consensus and create a viable solution to "lubricate" the current complex and bloated financial and economic systems. "The middle road." The Hangzhou Summit puts sustainable development on the agenda and calls for practical action to implement global agreements. The outcome of the summit laid the foundation for many actions that were not done by other rotating presidencies.
Lana Mitter, director of the China Research Center at the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom , believes that the Hangzhou Summit focused on how to promote world economic growth. As the world's second largest economy, China has enjoyed gratifying economic development over the past 20 years, and of course it faces challenges. The leaders of the participating parties are clearly aware that the world economy is relatively fragile and the outcomes and ideas of the summit must be put into action.
Experts and scholars from the Egyptian economics, business and media are highly concerned about the Hangzhou Summit and are optimistic about the solutions given by the summit on the sustainable development of the world economy. The summit is an opportunity to enhance economic cooperation between Egypt and China. The Secretary-General of the Arab Entrepreneurs Association, Jamal Buyumi, pointed out that Egypt's participation in the G20 summit as a guest country for the first time is the best embodiment of friendly relations between Egypt and China.
Dr. Ihab Doussokki, Head of the Department of Economics at the Sadat School of Management Sciences in Egypt, believes that the Hangzhou Summit not only injects new vitality into the slow-growing world economy, but also strengthens the global pursuit of the pursuit of the G20. The summit received such attention.
The French "European Times" pointed out in the commentary entitled "Hangzhou G20: China Injects Positive Energy into Global Governance", pointing out that the Hangzhou Summit, which remains in the memory of the world, not only has the beauty of Hangzhou and the hospitality of the Chinese, but also China The contribution of the concept and practice of global governance. The summit identified plans to meet major challenges that are expected to contribute to the sustainable development of the world economy. (Participating in reporters: Bao Xuelin, Wang Wei, Zhang Jianhua, Zheng Kailun, Huang Zemin, Liang Xizhi, Ying Qiang) (End)
01
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020160906ec96003bl
##

(International) Brings Lasting Momentum to Global Economic Growth - Experts Interpret President Xi Jinping's Important Speech at the Ninth Summit of the G20 Leaders
Xin Xinqiang
1607 words
16 November 2014
04:40 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2014 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, November 16th: A lasting impetus for global economic growth - an expert reading President Xi Jinping 's important speech at the ninth summit of the G20 leaders
Xinhua News Agency reporter
On the 15th, President Xi Jinping attended the first phase of the ninth summit of the G20 leaders held in Brisbane, Australia, and delivered an important speech entitled "Promoting Innovative Development and Achieving Linked Growth" and implementing the G20. The comprehensive growth strategy puts forward China's proposal and emphasizes that China will continue to maintain its economic growth momentum and make greater contributions to promoting world economic growth.
Experts believe that in his speech, President Xi put forward three suggestions on "innovative development mode", "building an open world economy" and "improving global economic governance", focusing on the present and looking to the future, reflecting the vision and positiveness of the great powers. Responsibility and responsibility for participating in international affairs and fulfilling member obligations.
(Subheading) World Economic Growth Needs Innovative Development
"We must innovate development concepts, policies, and methods" - President Xi's elaboration of innovative development methods has aroused the resonance of experts.
"The proposal put forward by President Xi is crucial. The G20 has taken some countermeasures in response to the global financial crisis. The short-term effect is obvious, but at the critical moment of the current global financial crisis recovery, new thinking is needed and new measures should be taken. It is critical to transform the short-term behavior of crisis response into a long-term mechanism for global economic governance," said Qu Xing, president of the China Institute of International Studies.
Zong Zongze, deputy dean of the China Institute of International Studies, believes that "the current development of the G20 faces the problem of collective transformation. The G20 has now become an important platform for global economic governance, and its policies and objectives must have long-term considerations. It is necessary to carry out structural adjustment and reform through innovative development.
Chen Fengying, an expert on world economic issues at the China Institute of Contemporary International Relations, pointed out that "the world economy has developed to the present day, that is, the post-international financial crisis era, promoting the overall growth of the global economy. All countries need transformation, which requires innovation. The innovative development approach should It is all-round, and it is necessary to cure the symptoms.
Zhu Jiejin, associate professor of the BRICS Research Center at Fudan University in Shanghai , believes that "the concept of innovation and development is very constructive. The innovative development approach in APEC cooperation and BRICS cooperation can also be incorporated into the development framework of the G20 . Come".
(Subheading) A new step in global economic governance
President Xi pointed out: "We should use this as an opportunity to build a fair, equitable and inclusive international financial system, improve the representation and voice of emerging market countries and developing countries, and ensure equal rights and opportunities for countries in international economic cooperation. Equality and equality of rules."
"In improving the global economic governance, President Xi put together the three 'equal' in a speech as a system, giving people a refreshing feeling." Zhang Yuyan, director of the Institute of World Politics and Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said, " The three 'equal' proposals represent the overall interests and demands of emerging economies and developing countries including China, and are conducive to promoting a fair, equitable and inclusive international financial system."
Chen Fengying pointed out: "The world economic structure has undergone tremendous changes, the world economy is diversified, and the global economic center is moving eastward. At present, the management mechanism of the world economy is still in the West. This has caused both emerging economies and developing countries to make contributions. But at the same time, it lacks the right to speak. Therefore, in the context of changes in the global economic structure, reform of global economic governance is needed."
Taren Vigie, a member of the Indian Federal Parliament and chairman of the Pakistan-China Friendship Group, said that so far, the world economic management system has serious unreasonable conditions such as discrimination against developing countries in developed countries, and reforms are needed to become more fair. And rich in inclusiveness.
(Subheading) China has a strong push for global economic governance
President Xi pointed out: "China's economic growth is an important driving force for world economic growth... China is willing to make greater contributions and play a greater role in promoting world economic growth."
Experts believe that while China develops itself, it is also increasingly actively participating in global economic affairs, and contributes to China's wisdom and China's programs.
Dr. Che Zhefu, chief researcher of the Korea Northeast Asian Historical Consortium, pointed out that "as the world's second largest economy, China's voice has helped to increase the voice and influence of developing countries and emerging economies, and it can better promote The world economy is growing steadily and sustainably."
Zhuo Shaojie, deputy director of the Centre for Contemporary China Studies at the University of Melbourne, Australia, said: "China is making efforts to promote Asia-Pacific and global economic stability and actively participate in global governance, which has a very positive impact on the global economy."
Sada Islam, head of policy policy for the European think tank "Friends of Europe", believes that China has initiated the establishment of the BRICS development bank and emergency reserve arrangements, as well as the preparation of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, which reflects changes in the international economic landscape and releases When the signal came out, the West should not regard it as a "hostile" move.
Experts pointed out that China's deep participation in global economic governance is not only conducive to enhancing China's international influence, but also making the global economic order develop in a more fair and reasonable direction. Efforts to form a win-win situation in which countries' mutual growth and mutual promotion and complement each other are the general direction of the future development of the world. (End) (Reporter Xin Yiqiang, Zhang Xiaojun, Zhao Xiaona, Xu Wei, Zhang Qing, Wu Qiang, Sun Wei)
01
##
(Science and Technology) Ministry of Science and Technology: Over the past five years, China's basic research funding has doubled
Dong Ruifeng
634 words
11 February 2018
06:01 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2018 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11 (Reporter Dong Ruifeng) The relevant person in charge of the Ministry of Science and Technology said on the 11th that the investment in basic scientific research in China has doubled in the past five years, from 41.18 billion yuan in 2011 to 822 in 2016. .900 million yuan.
At the press conference held by the State Council Information Office on the same day, Zhang Xiaoyuan, director of the Department of Resource Allocation and Management of the Ministry of Science and Technology, said that the investment in basic scientific research has always been the top priority. In recent years, under the background of all sectors of society calling for strengthening original innovation, The investment in basic research has further increased significantly.
Zhang Xiaoyuan said that the current government supports basic scientific research in two main ways: one is stable support, that is, the funds are directly handed over to scientific research institutions and university management, and the latter is arranged according to the judgment of future scientific development; the other is Competitive support is mainly arranged through various plans and funds. The government issues funding directions and guidelines, and each unit can win projects through open competition.
"In recent years, stability has supported substantial growth. At present, the ratio between competitive support and stable support has reached 1:1." Zhang Xiaoyuan said that in the science and technology investment of China's central government, the proportion of basic research funds has reached The basic level of developed countries, but the investment of enterprises and other social forces is still relatively small.
Basic scientific research is the source of the entire scientific system, the key to the formation of sustained and strong innovation capabilities, and the cornerstone of building a world of science and technology. After years of hard work, China's basic research has continued to develop rapidly, the overall level has been significantly improved, the international influence has been greatly enhanced, and the role of supporting economic and social development has been continuously enhanced. However, compared with the requirements of building a world's strong science and technology, the shortcomings of China's basic research are still outstanding.
The State Council recently issued the "Several Opinions on Comprehensively Strengthening Basic Scientific Research" and put forward some basic principles for comprehensively strengthening basic scientific research. It also carried out key deployment arrangements from various aspects.
Zhang Xiaoyuan said that in the future, when implementing basic research projects, the local government and enterprises will be further encouraged to participate actively. At the same time, explore ways to further increase investment in basic scientific research through channels of charitable giving. (Finish)
05
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
Document XINCCN0020180211ee2b006bt

##
(National Defense White Paper) China still faces multiple complex security threats
Xiong Zhengyan
801 words
25 May 2015
09:14 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright (C) Xinhua News Agency 2015. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, May 26 (Reporter Bai Ruixue, Li Zhihui) The White Paper on China's Military Strategy published by the State Council Information Office on the 26th said that China's development will remain in an important strategic opportunity period with great potential, and the external environment is generally favorable, but Still facing multiple complex security threats.
The white paper said that China's national comprehensive national strength, core competitiveness, and ability to withstand risks have significantly increased, its international status and international influence have improved remarkably, people's lives have improved markedly, and the overall social situation has remained stable.
The white paper pointed out that as a large developing country, China still faces multiple complex security threats, and the external resistance and challenges encountered are gradually increasing. The survival security issues and development security issues, traditional security threats and non-traditional security threats are intertwined to maintain national unity. The task of maintaining territorial integrity and safeguarding development interests is arduous and arduous.
The white paper pointed out that as the world economy and strategic focus accelerate the transfer to the Asia-Pacific region, the United States continues to promote the Asia-Pacific "rebalancing" strategy and strengthen its regional military presence and military alliance system. Japan actively seeks to get rid of the post-war system and substantially adjust its military security policy. The country's development trend has caused regional countries to pay close attention.
The white paper says that individual maritime neighbors have taken provocative actions on China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests, and strengthened military presence on the illegally "occupied" Chinese island reef. Some countries outside the region have also tried their best to intervene in the South China Sea affairs. Some countries have maintained high-frequency seas and airs against China for reconnaissance, and the struggle for rights protection at sea will exist for a long time.
The white paper says that some territorial territorial disputes still exist. There are many uncertainties and uncertainties in the situation on the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia. Regional terrorism, separatism, and extremist activities have also adversely affected the security and stability of China's periphery.
The white paper also pointed out that the Taiwan issue is related to national unity and long-term development, and national reunification is a historical necessity for the Chinese nation to move toward a great rejuvenation. In recent years, cross-strait relations have maintained a good momentum of peaceful development. However, the root causes of stability in the Taiwan Strait have not been eliminated. The "Taiwan independence" separatist forces and their separatist activities remain the greatest threat to the peaceful development of cross-strait relations.
The white paper said that the task of safeguarding national political security and social stability is arduous and arduous. The "East Turkistan" and "Tibet independence" separatist forces are seriously endangered, especially the "East Turkistan" violent terrorist activities threaten to escalate, anti-China forces are trying to create a "color revolution", national security and society. Stability faces more challenges.
The white paper says that as national interests continue to expand, international and regional turmoil, terrorism, piracy, major natural disasters and disease outbreaks may pose a threat to national security, overseas energy resources, strategic channel security, and overseas institutions, personnel and Overseas interest security issues such as asset security are highlighted. (Finish)
01
##
(Shizheng) Xi Jinping sent a letter to congratulate the opening of the 12th China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition, emphasizing the promotion of international exchanges and cooperation to contribute to the sharing of aerospace technology development results for people all over the world.
Domestic department
554 words
5 November 2018
09:53 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2018 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency, Zhuhai, November 6th The 12th China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition opened at the Zhuhai International Airshow Center on the 6th. President Xi Jinping sent a letter to the organizers to express their warm congratulations to the representatives of the countries attending the air show, entrepreneurs and other people from all walks of life. Xi Jinping pointed out in his congratulatory letter that human beings have been yearning for the vast and innocent sky since ancient times, and the Chinese nation has passed on the dream of flying. Since the 19th century, the world's aerospace science and technology has made great achievements and promoted the development and progress of human civilization. Facing the future, the development of aerospace science and technology will bring more benefits to mankind. Xi Jinping emphasized that China has always been committed to working with countries around the world to promote the development of aerospace science and technology. After more than 20 years of hard work, China International Aviation and Aerospace Expo has become one of the most influential aerospace professional exhibitions, playing a positive role in promoting the development of world aerospace science and technology. It is believed that this year's air show will surely promote the development of world aerospace science and technology, promote international exchanges and cooperation, and contribute to the sharing of aerospace technology development achievements by people all over the world. At the opening ceremony, Li Xi, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and secretary of the Guangdong Provincial Party Committee, read a congratulatory letter from Xi Jinping. Xu Qiliang, Wang Yong, He Houzhen and Liang Zhenying attended. The 12th China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition was held in Zhuhai City, Guangdong Province from November 6th to 11th. Since its inception in 1996, China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition has developed into a trade, professional and ornamental integration, representing the advanced technology of today's international aerospace industry. More than 700 exhibitors from more than 40 countries and regions participated in this year's air show, fully demonstrating the frontier development level of the world aerospace industry. (Finish)

##
(Xinhua International Review) The United States should let go of the "you win and lose" obsession
Zhu Dongyang
735 words
18 December 2017
10:04 PM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2017 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without authorization from the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency Huasheng Dun 12 Yue 18 (Xinhua): The United States should lay down "you win I lose" obsession ??Xinhua News Agency reporters Zai Zhu Dongyang by external persistent concern, the US President Trump announced its first since he worked for the National Security 18 Strategic report. It is not difficult to find that this report, which is clearly labeled as "US Priority", has occasionally presented exaggerated words when it comes to the challenges facing US national security. When it comes to ways and means of achieving national security, there is more "competition". "Cooperation", "opponent" is more than "partner", revealing a "you win and lose" obsession. In the era of globalization, where the interests of all countries are deeply intertwined, one can't help but question whether such a security strategy can ultimately bring the "security" it wants to the United States. Undoubtedly, this report reflects the White House's eagerness to fulfill its presidential campaign commitments and safeguard US global influence. Although the report emphasizes that "US priority" does not mean "American loneliness", it clearly points out that in matters of trade, climate change and immigration, the United States will always defend its own interests, even if it needs to take unilateral actions or isolate other countries. Do not hesitate. At the same time, the report remains silent on the responsibility of the United States as a world power in global affairs. The United States is a world power and a permanent member of the Security Council. The international community hopes that the US national security strategy can play a constructive role in promoting world peace and stability, not the other way around. It is contrary to the facts and deviates from the fact that the security interests of all countries in the era of globalization are increasingly closely related and inseparable, and the trend of inclusive development and common security of human society. Running in the opposite direction.
Simply emphasizing one's own interests without regard to the interests of other countries, adhering to unilateralism, zero-sum thinking and self-defining the so-called "fairness" and shirking the international obligations that should be borne, it will be difficult to obtain the respect and trust of other countries, and it is impossible to have sufficient morality. Charisma and international influence to achieve their own interests and security appeals. Since the Trump administration took office, the United States has frequently withdrawn from multilateral organizations and international agreements, challenged the Iranian nuclear agreement, and unilaterally recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Many acts have caused tensions in many places around the world, causing widespread criticism and criticism from the international community. In the face of many traditional and non-traditional challenges in today's world, what we need most is to discuss and deal with them. Peaceful development, cooperation and win-win can lead to a bright future. In this regard, the United States should lay down the obsession of "winning and losing, you win and lose", and take out the historical responsibility and the power of the big country. (Finish)
01
##
Efforts to become the world's major science center and innovation highland - General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the academician's meeting of the two academies caused a warm response
Hu Wei
1635 words
1 June 2018
07:52 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) Copyright 2018 Xinhua News Agency. It is forbidden to download and use without the authorization of the agreement.
++
Xinhua News Agency Beijing Yue 6 1 - Title: to become the world's leading scientific centers and innovation Highlands - General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the General Assembly of the academicians attracted enthusiastic responses of the five ??Xinhua News Agency reporters Hu Zhe Bai Guolong, Xiaohai Chuan Xi Jinping total secretary of the Chinese Academy of Sciences nineteenth Academy of the General Assembly, Chinese Academy of Engineering, delivered an important speech academician fourteenth Congress. In the past few days, academicians of the two academies and the vast number of scientific and technological workers have carefully studied and understood the actual work. "Innovation" has become a high-frequency word that everyone is hotly discussing. In recent years, China has adhered to the global science and technology innovation network, established a community consciousness of human destiny, and deeply participated in global science and technology innovation governance. Science and technology workers said that they should take the initiative to launch global innovation issues and comprehensively improve the globalization and international influence of China's scientific and technological innovation. (Subheading) China's innovation tide is not closed. Promote independent innovation at a higher starting point. General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out in his speech that China's contribution to world science and technology innovation has increased dramatically, and China has become an increasingly important pole in the global innovation landscape. Academician Guo Huadong of the Institute of Remote Sensing and Digital Earth of the Chinese Academy of Sciences listened to the speech . He said: "China's innovation tide is not closed, but is integrated with the world. At present, the innovation elements are more open and the liquidity is significantly enhanced. We must Drawing on internationally advanced intellectual resources, we will carry out openness and innovation to the end, and promote independent innovation at a higher starting point." Establishing technology funds and incubators overseas, setting up international innovation headquarters, and increasing the localization rate of overseas employees... In recent years, The global layout of China's technology companies in the international arena is frequent. ??Chinese Academy of EngineeringAcademician Fan Daiming said: "The general secretary pointed out that 'not to refuse the flow of people, the side is Jianghai', which points us the direction. Technology is a common cause of mankind, we need everyone to advance together, and we must not close the door to innovate. If we do not communicate or cooperate, it will be difficult to generate new sparks." "??" explores the moon and "??" goes ahead. China's recently launched "Bengqiao" relay satellite has also opened a new prelude to the international cooperation of lunar exploration. The "Bengqiao" carries a low-frequency radio detector developed by the Netherlands, and will conduct on-orbit scientific detection experiments in the future. ??Sun Zezhou, chief designer of the No. 4 detector of the China Academy of Aerospace Science and Technology, said: "General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out that it is necessary to deepen international scientific and technological exchanges and cooperation, which gives us full confidence in the international development of China's space industry. We plan to launch the No. 4 Carrying scientific research loads from Germany and Sweden on the back of the moon, China's lunar exploration mission will create a platform for scientific exploration for more countries." (Subheading) International scientific cooperation has become an inevitable plan to promote and promote technological innovation with a global perspective.
??The "World's Giant Eyes" SKA Square Kilometer Array Radio Telescope provides a new historical opportunity for human understanding of the universe; the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor Program strives to bring more clean energy to humans; the Human Genome Project explores the mysteries of life... In recent years, China The international big science plan and the big science project have appeared frequently and achieved a series of fruitful results. This provides a vivid case for learning and understanding the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping. "Scientific research has entered the era of big science, and the scope, scale, and complexity of many problems have been expanding. It has gone far beyond the affordability of a single country, making international scientific cooperation a necessity." Ye Dongbai, director of the Department of International Cooperation of the Ministry of Science and Technology, believes Based on the principle of sharing, building and sharing, the Great Science Project and the Great Science Project are high-end platforms that gather global superior scientific and technological resources, help build a global innovation governance system, and contribute Chinese wisdom to solving major scientific problems in the world. "A healthy scientific research system should be our participation in other people's science and technology cooperation programs, and also initiate our own plans." Academician Wang Yifang , director of the Institute of High Energy Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said that our own plans should be internationally competitive and technologically advanced. And the possibility of achieving significant results. "The overall planning and optimization of large science projects, large science projects, large science centers, and international science and technology innovation bases is a key move to accelerate the development of science and technology." Wang Juncheng, a researcher at the Institute of Marine Instrumentation, Shandong Academy of Sciences, said as a marine science and technology worker. The marine equipment manufacturing will be the forerunner, and the actual speech will be used to fulfill the requirements of General Secretary Xi Jinping's speech. (Subheading) Building the "One Belt, One Road" Road to Innovate to Make the Most of Global Innovation Resources "General Secretary Xi Jinping's speech made us more confident in the 'Belt and Road'." Liu Ruopeng, President of Guangqi Group, which established the International Innovation Headquarters in Israel We believe that we must use technological innovation and model innovation to integrate international factors and help connect the 21st century digital silk road. ??The Chinese Academy of Sciences has cultivated a number of international scientific organizations, platforms and research programs for cutting-edge scientific issues and global common challenges, involving a number of countries and regions along the "Belt and Road". Cao Jinghua, director of the International Cooperation Bureau of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , said that in accordance with the latest requirements of General Secretary Xi Jinping, we will maximize the use of global innovation resources and comprehensively enhance China's position in the global innovation landscape. ??Wei Yizhen, deputy general manager of China Aerospace Science and Industry Group, said that it is necessary to make every effort to improve China's influence and rule-making ability in global science and technology governance. "The people who are willing to take the initiative can be the first to be able to make a difference." The majority of science and technology workers said that under the general trend of integrating into the global science and technology innovation network, they must jointly meet the challenges of human development in the future and realize their own development. while other benefit more countries and peoples, and promote the balanced development of worldwide efforts to put my country's construction set to become the main scientific centers in the world and innovation high ground. (Finish)
05
NCN Limited of Xinhua News Agency
##
Message from the Central Military Commission of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on the successful completion of the mission of the lunar exploration project No. 4
To the outside
794 words
11 January 2019
06:36 AM
Xinhua News Agency Chinese News (Simplified)
XINCCN
Chinese - Simplified
(c) 2019 Xinhua News Agency, Inc. All rights reserved. Downloading without permission is prohibited.
++
?Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, January 11th, the Central Military Commission of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the Central Military Commission of the State Council on the successful exploration of the Lunar Exploration Project No. 4 mission successfully completed the mission of the fourth month of the mission and participated in the mission of the lunar exploration project No. 4: On the occasion of the successful completion of the No. 4 mission of the Project, the CPC Central Committee, the State Council, and the Central Military Commission expressed warm congratulations and cordial condolences to all the scientific and technological workers, cadres and workers, and PLA officers and men who participated in this mission! The No. 4 mission is the first mission of the fourth phase of China's lunar exploration project. For the first time in human history, the spacecraft achieved a soft landing and patrol survey on the back of the moon, and for the first time realized relay communication with the Earth on the back of the moon, and with many countries. Significant international cooperation with international organizations. This is another major achievement of the space front adhering to self-reliance and independent innovation under the cordial care and strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core. It is one of the important signs of China's expansion from a space power to a space power. It is a new era. The new benchmark of the Chinese people's climbing to the world's technological peak is another outstanding contribution of the Chinese nation to human exploration of the mysteries of the universe. Guided by Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the project has vigorously practiced the spirit of "seeking the dream, bravely exploring, cooperating, and win-win cooperation" to implement the innovation-driven development strategy with practical actions. To promote the building of a community of human destiny, to further strengthen China's economic strength, scientific and technological strength, national cohesiveness and international influence, and to inspire the whole party and the whole army and the people of all nationalities to march forward toward the grand blueprint of the party's 19th National Congress, which is of great significance. . The motherland and the people will always remember your outstanding merits!
Exploring the vast universe and peaceful use of space is the common dream of all mankind. With the successful completion of the No. 4 mission, the fourth phase of the lunar exploration project and the deep space exploration project in China will be fully kicked off. The tasks ahead will be more arduous and the challenges will be unprecedented. It is hoped that all the comrades on the space front will be more closely united around the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core. Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, the spirit of the 19th and 19th Central Committees of the 19th Party will be fully implemented. tree prison "four consciousness" firm "four confident" resolutely carry out "two maintenance", carry forward the "bombs and one satellite" spirit and the spirit of manned space flight, not forgetting the beginning of the heart, temper Endeavor, aerospace and vigorously promote the strong country construction set, to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese dream, the fate of the human community to promote the construction of new heights, and make new contributions! Central Military Commission of the CPC Central Committee
January 11, 2019 (end)

##

People's Daily



Exclusive manuscript
Xi Jinping talks about aerospace: the starry sky is vast and the exploration is endless.
2561 words
21 February 2019
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2019. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
 [Editor's note] On February 20, 2019, General Secretary Xi Jinping met at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing to meet with representatives of the No. 4 mission research participants. He emphasized that space exploration is endless. China's vast number of scientific and technological workers and space workers must advance their overall goal of the lunar exploration project, continue to work hard to promote the development of the world's space industry, and contribute more Chinese wisdom and China's programs to the peaceful use of space by human beings and the construction of a community of human destiny. Chinese power.
Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping has repeatedly given instructions on the development of the aerospace industry. Today, the New Age Learning Studio brings you together to sort out and learn these important discussions.
Talking about aerospace dreams
1. Great careers start with dreams. Dreams are the source of energy.
Practice tells us that great undertakings start with dreams. Dreams are the source of energy. The Chinese nation is a nation that dares to chase dreams. The Party Central Committee's decision-making and implementation of the lunar exploration project is the dream of the Chinese nation's self-improvement. Every bold idea and successful implementation of the lunar exploration is a full demonstration of human ability to recognize and utilize the planet. On the journey of building a socialist modernization power and realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, every industry and every individual must have a dream, work hard, step by step, one after another, and achieve success in struggling and continuing struggle. .
----On February 20, 2019, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, I met with the representative of the investigation project.
2. Exploring the vast universe, developing the aerospace industry, and building a space power, is our unremitting pursuit of the space dream.
Exploring the vast universe, developing the aerospace industry, and building a space power, is our unremitting pursuit of the space dream. After several generations of astronauts' struggles, China's space industry has created brilliant achievements represented by "two bombs and one star", manned spaceflight and lunar exploration. It has developed a development path of self-reliance and independent innovation, and has accumulated profound and profound achievements. Aerospace spirit. The establishment of "China Aerospace Day" means keeping in mind the spirit of history and inheritance, inspiring the enthusiasm of all people, especially young people, to advocate science, explore the unknown, and dare to innovate, and to condense a powerful force for the realization of the Chinese nation's great rejuvenation.
----On April 24, 2016, important instructions were emphasized on the first "China Aerospace Day"
3. The space dream is an important part of the dream of a strong country. With the rapid development of China's space industry, the pace of Chinese people's exploration of space will be greater and farther.
---- On June 24, 2013, at the Beijing Aerospace Flight Control Center, the Shenzhou-10 astronauts Nie Haisheng, Zhang Xiaoguang and Wang Yaping, who were performing the mission at Tiangong No. 1, pointed out
Talk about independent innovation
1. Great undertakings are based on innovation. Innovation determines the future.
Practice tells us that great undertakings are based on innovation. Innovation determines the future. Building a world of science and technology is not a smooth road. Only innovation can seize the opportunities. This task has achieved a number of innovations, filling a series of international and domestic gaps, fully embodies the spirit of independent innovation to dare to play first hand and be proactive. We must profoundly grasp the general trend of world science and technology development, carry forward the scientific spirit, aim at strategic, basic, and frontier areas, adhere to the shortcomings, track development, and advance the advancement of layout, strive to achieve major breakthroughs in key core technologies, and upgrade the national innovation system. Overall efficiency, continuous enhancement of scientific and technological strength and innovation capabilities, and strive to occupy an important place in the world's high-tech fields.
----On February 20, 2019, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, I met with the representative of the investigation project.
2, the starry sky is vast, the exploration never ends, only the constant innovation, the Chinese nation can better move toward the future.
The starry sky is vast and the exploration is endless. Only by continuous innovation can the Chinese nation better move into the future. We are implementing an innovation-driven development strategy, which is a major strategy that determines our country's future. Aerospace science and technology is an important field of scientific and technological progress and innovation. Aerospace science and technology achievements are an important symbol of national science and technology and scientific and technological capabilities. The innovations achieved by aerospace science and technology have greatly encouraged the Chinese people's innovative beliefs and confidence, and provided powerful incentives for the creation and innovation of the whole society.
----On December 20, 2016, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, I met with the astronauts of the Tiangong 2 and Shenzhou 11 manned missions and representatives of the participants.
3. Adhere to the road of independent innovation with Chinese characteristics and dare to follow the path that others have not taken.
Scientific and technological innovation is the strategic support for improving social productivity and overall national strength. Science and technology innovation must be placed at the core of the country's overall development. We must adhere to the path of independent innovation with Chinese characteristics, dare to follow the path that others have not taken, and continue to pursue in the difficult situation. Excellence, accelerate the transformation towards innovation-driven development.
----On January 6, 2014, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, I met with the representatives of the No. 3 mission research participants.
Talking about talents
1. Great undertakings are done in practice. The new era is the era of the strugglers.
Practice tells us that great undertakings are done in practice. The new era is the era of the strugglers. The new era is an era in which great achievements and talents are created in struggle. We must inspire more science, leading talents, young talents and innovative teams to stand on the forefront, forge ahead, create new achievements with hard work, realize the value of life in the great cause, and constantly lay the foundation for the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. A more solid foundation and a new and greater contribution.
----On February 20, 2019, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, I met with the representative of the investigation project.
2, to be eclectic, eye-catching, let go of the use of outstanding young talents, to provide them with a stage to bravely innovate and stand out.
The representatives who come here today, have high-tech and high-tech, have skilled masters of skills, and have a large number of energetic youth backbones. This is where our strength lies. We must focus on improving the talent development mechanism and maximally support and encourage the innovation and creation of scientific and technological personnel. It is necessary to be eclectic and insightful, let go of the use of outstanding young talents, and provide a stage for them to innovate and stand out from the crowd. It is hoped that the vast number of scientific and technological workers and astronauts will make persistent efforts to continue to advance toward the overall goal of the lunar exploration project and make new and greater contributions to the realization of the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
----On January 6, 2014, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, I met with the representatives of the No. 3 mission research participants.
3. A team of heroes with excellent ideas, excellent skills and a good work style.
We have cultivated a team of highly qualified personnel who are particularly hard-working, especially capable of fighting, especially capable of tackling and special dedication, and have cultivated a great manned spaceflight spirit. The vast number of astronauts have demonstrated a firm ideal and conviction, a high patriotic enthusiasm, a strong responsibility, and a good spirit. You are worthy of a team of heroes with excellent ideas, excellent skills and good style.
----On July 26, 2013, when meeting with the Shenzhou-10 manned mission astronaut and representatives of the participants in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, he emphasized
Talking about international cooperation
1. Exploring the vast universe is the common dream of all mankind.
Exploring the vast universe is the common dream of all mankind. China Aerospace actively promotes international cooperation and has carried out fruitful cooperation with many countries and international organizations. The success of the No. 4 mission has included the contributions of many participating countries. We are willing to work with other countries in the world to adhere to the joint construction and sharing, strengthen international exchanges in basic scientific research, promote the construction of large-scale scientific plans, projects and centers, expand open cooperation in innovation capabilities, and promote the development of human science.
----On February 20, 2019, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, I met with the representative of the investigation project.
2. China has consistently advocated the rational development and utilization of space resources, the protection of the space environment, and the promotion of the space industry for the benefit of all mankind.
Outer space is the common wealth of mankind. The exploration, development and peaceful use of outer space are the common pursuit of mankind. China advocates that all countries in the world work together to promote the building of a community of human destiny and adhere to the international exchanges and cooperation in the field of outer space on the basis of equality, mutual benefit, peaceful use and inclusive development. China has consistently advocated the rational development and utilization of space resources, the protection of the space environment, and the promotion of the space industry for the benefit of all mankind.
-- On November 14, 2018, when writing a letter congratulating the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization
3. China has always been committed to working with countries around the world to promote the development of aerospace science and technology.
China has always been committed to working with countries around the world to promote the development of aerospace science and technology. After more than 20 years of hard work, China International Aviation and Aerospace Expo has become one of the most influential aerospace professional exhibitions, playing a positive role in promoting the development of world aerospace science and technology. It is believed that this year's air show will surely promote the development of world aerospace science and technology, promote international exchanges and cooperation, and contribute to the sharing of aerospace technology development achievements by people all over the world.
-- On November 6, 2018, during a letter to congratulate the opening of the 12th China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020190221ef2l00086

##
Current affairs
A key trick to determine the destiny of contemporary China
609 words
18 December 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Source: National Bureau of Statistics layout design: 40 years since the reform and opening up of Zhang Fangman, China's economy has flourished and the economic aggregate has reached a new level for 40 years. It is a successful country that has entered the middle-income countries from low-income countries. For 40 years, it is also a 40-year period in which comprehensive national strength and international influence have significantly improved and historically leapfrogged. In the past 40 years, China has adhered to economic construction as the center, is keen to promote reforms, and is fully expanding its opening up, and its economic development has entered a fast lane. In 1978, China's total economic output ranked 11th in the world; in 2000, it ranked sixth in the world; in 2007, it ranked third in the world; in 2010, it became the world's second largest economy. In recent years, the contribution of the Chinese economy to world economic growth has exceeded 30%. Over the past 40 years, China has actively seized the opportunities of globalization, deeply participated in global economic governance, and developed together with all countries in the world. In 1978, China's total import and export volume of goods ranked 29th in the world, ranking first in the world in 2017. Foreign direct investment is from scratch, and in 2017 China is already the third largest foreign investor in the world. The achievements in foreign economic development have been remarkable, and a new pattern of all-round opening in China has gradually taken shape. Over the past 40 years, the people's lives in our country have undergone tremendous changes. The population of one-fifth of the world's population has moved toward a comprehensive well-off society. The income of residents has continued to leap and the level of urbanization has increased remarkably. Compared with 1978, the per capita disposable income of the national residents increased by 22.8 times in 2017; the urbanization rate of the resident population increased by 40.6 percentage points, the people lived and worked in peace, and the people's lives flourished. Reform and opening up are only done when they are not completed. Standing on the new time node, looking to the future, our tomorrow will be even better! Caption: Figure 1: Since the reform and opening up, the income of residents has increased year after year. The picture shows a shop owner counting revenue. Figure 2: The international container ship is docked at Zhoushan Port, Ningbo, Zhejiang. Figure 3: Hefei Yihe Middle School in Anhui Province introduces artificial intelligence technology to students. Figure 4: Guizhou Minjiang farmers moved into urban buildings. Figure 5: A private LED lighting high-tech enterprise in Hai'an, Jiangsu Province is producing and testing energy-saving lamps. Figure 6: Shanghai Lujiazui Finance and Trade Zone with high-rise buildings. People's vision
People's Daily (December 18, 2018, 06 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020181218eeci0000b

##
Current affairs
Xinjiang is the gateway to the opening of Chinese civilization to the west
2334 words
16 November 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
China has a vast territory, with a geographical structure of high west and low east: there is a sea block in the east and south; the western roof of the west - the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau and the Himalayas, and the high mountains extending from the Pamirs - the Altai Mountains, the Tianshan Mountains, and the Kunlun Mountains The mountains are covered; in the north there are Gobi, deserts, dry grasslands, forests and cold air currents. This geographical structure determines the initial spatial orientation of the Silk Road on the land: China has formed a relatively flat road between the Altai Mountains, the Tianshan Mountains and the Kunlun Mountains, from the west to the Central Asia, and then connects China. With the world, Xinjiang has also formed a pattern of multi-ethnic inhabitation, multiple religions coexisting, and long-term exchanges and exchanges between various ethnic cultures. In November 2018, the State Council Information Office released the "Xinjiang Cultural Protection and Development" white paper, pointing out that Xinjiang's national culture is an integral part of Chinese culture, and Xinjiang is the gateway to the opening of Chinese civilization to the west. In history, Xinjiang is the gateway and intermediary for the opening of Chinese civilization to the west. The smooth flow of the Silk Road has opened up a vast space for the cultural exchanges between the East and the West. In 138 BC, the Han Dynasty sent Zhang Qian the Han Dynasty, Zhang Qian as far as Afghanistan, with the Western JianguoEstablished an official contact, which opened the Great Channel of the Central Plains to the Western Region, and paved the way for a cultural exchange between the East and the West. During the Qin and Han Dynasties, the Kuzi people, the monks, the Yu people, the Shule people, the Gaochang people, the Shache people, the Loulan people, and the car masters who lived in the south of the Tianshan Mountains established a colony in the oasis, along with the Silk Road. The prosperity of many small commercial towns has led to the economic development of Xinjiang. The dynasties of the dynasties established the Putian system in Xinjiang, built a large number of water conservancy facilities, brought advanced production tools and technologies from the Central Plains, and promoted the development of agriculture and handicrafts. Later, some ethnic groups settled in Xinjiang one after another, bringing about the production techniques, cultural concepts and social customs of different ethnic groups, and promoting Xinjiang's economic and social development in exchanges and integration. The development and prosperity of the Silk Road on the land has made business travel endless. The science and technology, religion, and property of the East and the West came along the Silk Road, met, merged, and merged in the Xinjiang region, and went along with the Silk Road. Some advanced technologies, such as Chinese papermaking, silkworm weaving, etc., have passed through Western Xinjiang and have had a profound impact on world civilization. Religious communication is an important cultural exchange phenomenon on the Silk Road. Before the 4th century BC, Xinjiang was popular with primitive religion. Around the 1st century BC, Buddhism was introduced into Xinjiang, and from the 4th to the 10th century, Buddhism entered its heyday. In the same period, martyrdom was popular in various parts of Xinjiang. By the end of the 16th century and the beginning of the 17th century, Tibetan Buddhism gradually flourished in the northern Xinjiang region. Taoism was introduced to Xinjiang in the 5th century, mainly in Turpan and Hami, and spread to most parts of Xinjiang in the Qing Dynasty. Manichaeism and Nestorianism spread to Xinjiang along the Silk Road in the 6th century. In the late 9th and early 10th centuries, Islam was introduced to Xinjiang. In the long historical evolution, the coexistence of multiple religions in Xinjiang has never changed. The cultural landscape of Xinjiang has always been a multicultural coexistence and multicultural exchange. Xinjiang has played an important role in the exchange of mutual understanding between the East and the West. With the support of the central government, Xinjiang has formed a comprehensive and multi-level pattern of foreign cultural exchanges and participated in international cultural exchanges and cooperation in various forms. China Xinjiang International Folk Dance Festival, China-Asia-Europe Expo "Chinese and Foreign Culture Exhibition Week" and "Publishing Expo" have become cultural exchange brands with certain international influence. The predecessor of the China-Asia-Europe Expo was the Urumqi Foreign Economic and Trade Fair. It is the Wuqi Fair that has achieved good results. The Chinese government has decided to upgrade the Urumqi Fair to the China-Asia-Europe Expo since 2011. The 6th China-Asia-Europe Expo held in 2018 attracted guests and merchants from 35 countries and regions to participate in various forums and trade and investment activities. 704 companies from home and abroad participated in the exhibition. The total amount of the contracted projects was 270.943 billion yuan, an increase of 11.98% over the previous session. Among them, 25 key enterprises in Xinjiang signed 29 foreign trade contracts and agreements with 29 enterprises in 13 countries along the "Belt and Road" with a total trade volume of 10.48 billion yuan; 2 outreach projects were signed, amounting to 2.896 billion yuan. The China-Asia-Europe Expo has become an important platform for China's economic cooperation with many countries in Asia and Europe, especially along the "Belt and Road", and is an important carrier for China to further promote its opening to the west. In terms of youth exchanges, since 2009, China has hosted seven "China.Xinjiang International Youth Art Festival", inviting four countries in Central Asia and Russia, Mongolia, Pakistan, India, Malaysia, Thailand, South Korea, Azerbaijan and other 12 countries and countries. A total of more than 2,330 young people from 119 literary and art groups came to Xinjiang to perform exchanges. In 2017, the Ministry of Education invited 138 high school students from Kazakhstan to attend summer camps in China, and visited Urumqi, Beijing, Harbin and other places. The event wasThe fourth SCO organized within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation OrganizationElementary and middle school students from member countries come to China for summer camps. Xinjiang has also given full play to its unique location advantages and increased the opening up of education, especially Chinese international education and promotion. From 2012 to 2017, Xinjiang has successively held seven "Study Courses for National Media Leaders in the Silk Road Economic Belt", and invited more than 100 media leaders from 25 countries to study, exchange and inspect in Xinjiang. Xinjiang is the core area of ??the "Silk Road Economic Belt". In recent years, Xinjiang has actively promoted the construction of core areas and strengthened humanities and science and technology exchanges with countries along the route. In 2016, the 5th China-Asia-Europe Expo Technology Cooperation Forum was held, and 154 guests from more than 30 countries and international organizations were invited to participate. 12 national-level international science and technology cooperation bases have been built, and international scientific and technological cooperation and exchanges have been carried out with more than 30 countries and regions and 10 international organizations and research institutions. We will steadily implement the "Study Program for Studying in China" and gradually expand the scale of scholarships for outstanding international students along the Silk Road Economic Belt. In recent years, the number of students along the "Belt and Road" countries has grown significantly. In 2016, there were 284,309 international students studying in China along the route, an increase of 11. 76%. In 2017, the "Silk Road" Chinese Government Scholarship Program was set up, and an additional 3,000 scholarships were offered each year to train the industry's leading talents and outstanding skilled talents for the countries along the "Belt and Road". Xinjiang colleges and universities actively carry out international exchanges and cooperation, and the scale of education for international students has increased year by year and the quality has been continuously improved. Since 1985, as of 2017, Xinjiang universities have received 50,000 foreign students. Xinjiang actively exerts the advantages of Chinese medicine, including Uyghur medicine and Kazakh medicine, and plans to build a Chinese-foreign joint Chinese medicine institution to carry out the construction project of the Chinese medicine national medicine international medical service system. The products of national pharmaceutical enterprises are also sold to neighboring countries and regions and enter the international market. In terms of sports events, a number of professional sports clubs have been established in Xinjiang, and the sports competition and performance market has become increasingly active. The Taklimakan Motorcycle Off-Road Rally and the China Basketball Professional League Xinjiang Games maintained a high level of market-oriented operation. In recent years, China has actively demonstrated the cultural flavor of various ethnic groups in Xinjiang. From the end of the last century, the "China's Xinjiang Ancient Silk Road Cultural Relics Exhibition", "Silk Road Mystery - Xinjiang Cultural Relics Exhibition" and other Xinjiang cultural relics exhibitions have been held in Japan, the United States, Germany, South Korea and other countries. In recent years, "Perceive China - Western China Cultural Bank.Xinjiang", "China Xinjiang Cultural Exchange Group" and "China Xinjiang Culture Week" held various cultural exchanges in the United States, Canada, Germany, France, Brunei, Laos and other countries. activity. At the same time, some Chinese institutions such as the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences Xinjiang Think Tank have repeatedly invited scholars from well-known European and American think tanks to hold symposiums and field trips in Xinjiang and Beijing. The brand influence of the "Silk Road Celebrity China Tour" activity of the Central Radio and Television General Station was highlighted. As of 2017, the event has been successfully held seven times. Xinjiang has always been a multi-ethnic inhabited area with multiple cultures and is an integral part of Chinese culture. This year marks the 40th anniversary of reform and opening up. Under the new situation of building a community of human destiny, Xinjiang, as the core area of ??the Silk Road Economic Belt, is an important gateway to the opening of the Chinese civilization to the west and has great practical significance for China and the world. (Handwriting: Lv Wenli) As an important gateway to the opening of the Chinese civilization to the west, it has great practical significance for China and the world. (Handwriting: Lv Wenli) As an important gateway to the opening of the Chinese civilization to the west, it has great practical significance for China and the world. (Handwriting: Lv Wenli)
People's Daily (14 November 2018, 14th edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020181116eebg0006s

##
International
Working together to create a new type of security partnership (bells)
1191 words
26 October 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
On October 25th, the 8th Beijing Xiangshan Forum opened in Beijing. Chinese President Xi Jinping sent a congratulatory letter to the forum stating that China adheres to a new, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable new security concept and is willing to work with all countries in a more open manner to promote development through cooperation and promote security through cooperation and promote the building of human destiny. community. The unswerving commitment expresses the sincere will of China and the rest of the world to enhance strategic mutual trust and strengthen security cooperation, and demonstrates China's firm determination to unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development and build a community of human destiny.
Since its establishment in 2006, Beijing Xiangshan Forum has been successfully held for seven sessions, achieving an upgrade from "two tracks" (folk nature) to "one track and half" (semi-official nature). The forum focuses on the new situation, new opportunities and new challenges of regional and global security. It has developed into a high-end security and defense dialogue platform with important international influence in the Asia-Pacific region. It is worth noting that compared with other forums based on the voices of big countries, the Beijing Xiangshan Forum gives all delegates an equal opportunity to speak, providing a channel for small and medium-sized countries to express their appeals. On this platform, representatives of various countries have an equal dialogue on topics of concern and seek peaceful solutions together.
At present, the international situation is undergoing profound and complex changes, and peaceful development faces multiple challenges. Cold war mentality, power politics, unilateralism, protectionism and other tendencies have risen markedly, and problems such as regional turmoil, terrorism, natural disasters, and climate change have emerged one after another. Taking "returning the group" as a typical performance, another set of actions, challenging the international rules and institutions to exist objectively; the behavior of targeting small groups and small circles for third parties is highlighted from time to time; attempting to prevent the process of economic globalization and let humanity return The intentions of individual islands are repeated. UN Secretary-General Guterres believes that "the rules reached in the last century to maintain peace have met with challenges." "The world is on the verge of a new cold war."
Choose zero-sum game or win-win cooperation? Is unilateralism or multilateralism? Is it an alliance or a partner? Is it isolated or interconnected? In the context of the complex evolution of the international security situation, new security concepts are needed in particular to lead countries to build consensus. In this context, China advocates a new security concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable, and advocates creating a security structure of fairness, justice, and building and sharing. It advocates dialogue for consensus, cooperation for security, and compliance with peace, development and cooperation. The trend of a win-win era is in line with the common voice of all countries seeking peace and development and promoting cooperation.
China has always been a staunch force for safeguarding world peace and stability. It is also actively building a platform to bring together positive energy for world peace and security. The theme of this year's Beijing Xiangshan Forum is "Building a new type of security partnership of equality, mutual trust, cooperation and win-win", advocating countries to jump out of alliances or confrontation, conform to the trend of the times, treat each other as equals, mutual understanding and mutual understanding, and explore and build. Imagining the enemy, not targeting third parties, inclusive and constructive security partnerships, and promoting the building of a community of human destiny, it is precisely calling on all countries to share their responsibilities and jointly embark on a road of safe cooperation, building, sharing and win-win. Build a new type of international relations of mutual respect, fairness, justice, cooperation and win-win, and create a better future for mankind. This year, Beijing Xiangshan Forum has set the highest standards and scales, which fully reflects the appeal of the new security concept and cooperation concept advocated by China under the current international situation.
Einstein once said that peace is based on understanding and self-restraint, not on the basis of violence. Standing at the time of the 100th anniversary of the end of the First World War, I look back at the vicissitudes of life, count the two world wars experienced by mankind and the cold war that lasted for more than 40 years. I feel that the Cold War mentality, the weak meat, the arrogance and the opposing confrontation will only aggravate the security dilemma. To be peaceful, do not want to fight, to cooperate, not to confront, to become the country's direction, and to return to the people. Taking history as a guide, we can know that it is a happy way to identify the way forward. Guided by a new, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable new security concept, it is the choice of the people of all countries to create a new type of security partnership that is equal and mutual trust, and win-win cooperation. It is also the inevitable development of the times.
People's Daily (October 26, 2018, 03 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020181026eeaq0008o

##
International
Social Science Literature Pacific Island Series Books Published in South Pacific Island Countries
1081 words
7 September 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
People's Network News From August 26 to September 1, 2018, the Chinese Social Science Literature Delegation was invited to participate in the "3rd Pacific Island Countries Research High-Level Forum." The forum was jointly organized by Liaocheng University and Samoa National University. More than 50 experts, scholars and government officials from China and Oceania gathered to discuss the relationship between China and Pacific island countries and the development and challenges of Pacific island countries. Mutual understanding of Pacific island countries.
Located in the south-central Pacific Ocean, the Pacific island countries are divided into the three major archipelagic regions of Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia. They are distributed in the east-west, north-south passages of the Pacific Ocean. They are the intersection of the two strategic channels of east, west, and north. Important position, rich in marine resources. On November 19, 2014, President Xi Jinping first proposed when visiting New Zealand that the South Pacific region is a natural extension of the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road. Therefore, the Pacific island countries have become increasingly prominent in China's global diplomatic layout, providing an important basis and opportunity for China and Pacific island countries to develop strategic linkages. At the same time, with the rapid development of China's economy and society and the "One Belt, One Road" initiative, which has received widespread attention from the international community, the Pacific island countries represented by Fiji have developed a "Northward Look" economic development strategy and proposed to embrace the "Dragon's Hug. Strengthening relations with China has become the basic diplomatic strategy and established national policy of most Pacific island countries.
In this forum, the new edition of the "National Records" Pacific Island Series and the three-volume "Pacific Island Tourism" were released. The series of books were jointly published by the Pacific Island Research Center of Liaocheng University and the Social Science Literature Publishing House. A total of 19 books cover the 14th edition of the new edition of the "Guo Guozhi" Pacific Island Series, including "Fiji", "Kiribati", "Samoa" and "Cook". Islands, Micronesia, Niue, Palau, Solomon Islands, Marshall Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Cook Islands, Nauru, and Papua The History and Current Situation of New Guinea, the three-volume edition of The Travel of the Pacific Islands and the first publication on the study of Pacific island countries - The Study of the Pacific Islands (Part I). This is the first comprehensive introduction to the Pacific island countries in China. The publication of this series of books has largely filled the gap in the research field of China's Pacific island countries.
On the basis of book publishing, the Pacific Island Research Center of Liaocheng University cooperated with the Social Science Literature Publishing House to build the first platform for resource integration, results release and cooperation and exchange on Pacific island countries research - "Pacific Island Countries Research Think Tank Platform" (website) Www.rcpic.cn). The Pacific Island Research Think Tank Platform consists of five parts: Island Information, National Conditions, Special Studies, Academic Information, and Research Literature. There are 27 second-level sub-libraries. The information and academic information of the island countries focus on the news and academic trends of the Pacific island countries; the national situation overview is comprehensively introduced 14 [http://www.rcpic.cn). The Pacific Island Research Think Tank Platform consists of five parts: Island Information, National Conditions, Special Studies, Academic Information, and Research Literature. There are 27 second-level sub-libraries. The information and academic information of the island countries showcases the dynamics of journalism and academics in the Pacific island countries. The national situation provides a comprehensive overview of the basic national conditions and latest developments of 14 Pacific island countries. The special study focuses on the hot academic topics of Pacific island countries, integrating resources and demonstrating results; The literature is based on global literature.
Under the witness of Chinese and foreign scholars, President Xie Shouguang donated 14 volumes of the new edition of the "Liu Guozhi" Pacific Island Series and the three-volume "Pacific Island Travel" series to Samoa State University.
In addition, the Social Science Literature Publishing House actively builds Chinese academic international communication platforms and channels to expand the international influence of Chinese experts and scholars and their academic achievements. President Xie Shouguang led a delegation to visit the Chinese Embassy in Fiji, the Fijian Chinese Community, the Fiji Daily Suva Headquarters, the University of the South Pacific Library and other institutions, and the Pacific Island countries series of books were donated to these institutions, they expressed the results of the Pacific Island countries publication Congratulations and thanks.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180907ee9700041

##
IT
Artificial intelligence and pragmatic development is the right way
2502 words
6 August 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Recently, the China Artificial Intelligence Conference hosted by the China Artificial Intelligence Society was held in Shenzhen, using this high-end cutting-edge communication platform that closely combines production, learning and research in the field of artificial intelligence, focusing on current hot topics such as key core technology development, scholars and industry professionals. Fully explored.
The development of artificial intelligence enters a new stage and will become a new generation technology engine to promote future development.
"In my opinion, if the machine is originally a substitute for human strength, then in the era of artificial intelligence, machines can be used to replace human intelligence and help people make judgments and decisions." Academician Pu Muming, director of the Institute of Neuroscience of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
In the past decade, the mobile Internet has flourished, changing all aspects of people's work and life. Artificial intelligence is considered to be a new generation technology engine that will promote economic and social development in the future.
At present, the development of artificial intelligence has entered a new stage. Experts said that after more than 60 years of evolution, especially in the mobile Internet, big data, supercomputing, sensor network, brain science and other new theoretical and new technologies and the strong demand for economic and social development, artificial intelligence accelerates development and presents New features such as deep learning, cross-border integration, human-machine collaboration, open-group intelligence, and self-management are emerging, and chain-breaking is being triggered, driving the economic and social fields from digitalization, networking, and intelligence to accelerate.
From a technical perspective, artificial intelligence is the product of the combination of software and hardware. Wang Haifeng, senior vice president of Baidu, said that the real artificial intelligence system involves voice, image, semantics, knowledge, underlying big data processing, etc. It is actually a comprehensive application of multiple technologies. The brain-like intelligence inspired by the results of brain science research is ready to go, and the trend of chip-based hardware platformization is more obvious. This is also an important feature of the development of artificial intelligence into a new stage.
"Artificial intelligence must be integrated into the development of the industry in order to truly realize the benefits." He Zhiqiang, president of Lenovo Venture Capital Group, believes that the combination and application of artificial intelligence with various fields will bring about an increase in the benefits of the whole industry.
There is a transparent protective glass on the screen of each mobile phone, and the workers detect that these glasses have a relatively large loss of vision. An artificial intelligence technology company uses large-scale laser instrument detection technology to generate a data set that relies on "machine learning" (a self-learning method of artificial intelligence) to make judgments. Machines are used to detect glass sheets, both in terms of efficiency and accuracy. Improvement, the overall efficiency has increased by 20 times.
The accelerating accumulation of technical capabilities combined with massive data resources, huge application requirements, and open market environment has formed a unique advantage in the development of artificial intelligence in China. According to statistics, as of last year, China has made important progress in the field of artificial intelligence. The number of relevant international scientific papers and invention patents has been ranked second in the world, and key core technologies in some fields have achieved important breakthroughs. Speech recognition and visual recognition technology are leading in the industry. Chinese information processing, intelligent monitoring, biometrics, industrial robots, service robots, and driverless are gradually entering practical applications. Artificial intelligence innovation and entrepreneurship are increasingly active, and a number of leading backbone enterprises are accelerating their growth. It has gained wide attention and recognition internationally.
Regardless of technological development or industrialization, the development of artificial intelligence is still at the primary level.
However, from the perspective of technological development and industrialization, the development of artificial intelligence in China and the world is still at the primary level.
Some experts believe that artificial intelligence is somewhat deified. It may exceed human capabilities in specific applications and specific scenarios, but it is still unknown to fully meet or exceed human intelligence.
Currently all artificial intelligence systems are almost exclusively dedicated artificial intelligence systems, not general artificial intelligence. Even with the special artificial intelligence system of speech recognition technology that has made great breakthroughs, there are still many problems that have not been solved. For example, a group of people a few meters away is chatting, and people will selectively hear only the voices of the people they care about, and will naturally "screen" other people's voices. But for the machine, it still can't solve the problem that seems so easy.
Talking about the development prospects of artificial intelligence in China, some academicians admit that foreign academic and business peers sincerely praise China's artificial intelligence application and business prospects in the forefront of the world, but the key technologies of artificial intelligence frontier, such as the next artificial intelligence basic algorithm. Whether the breakthrough will be in China, they are not optimistic.
In fact, China has a clear understanding of this. The "New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan" issued by China last year pointed out that the overall development level of artificial intelligence in China still has a gap compared with developed countries, lacking major original results, in basic theory, The core algorithms and key equipment, high-end chips, major products and systems, basic materials, components, software and interfaces are quite different; scientific research institutions and enterprises have not yet formed an internationally influential ecosystem and industrial chain, lacking systematic advancement. R & D layout; artificial intelligence cutting-edge talents are far from meeting the needs; infrastructure, policies and regulations, and standards systems that are suitable for the development of artificial intelligence need to be improved.
Some insiders said that there is a certain impetuous phenomenon in the field of artificial intelligence entrepreneurship. Some young people have dared to open a company after learning the artificial intelligence course for three months. This objectively has the shortage of artificial intelligence talents. However, the phenomenon of the blooming of such startup companies is likely to form a low-level development bubble, waste manpower and social resources, and further lead to the reluctance of young people to go deep into technology.
"The New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan proposes to become the world's leading artificial intelligence innovation center in 2030. To achieve this goal, the biggest shortcoming to be solved is the breakthrough of original innovation capability including theory and method." Director of Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences, China Xu Bo, dean of the Institute of Artificial Intelligence at the University of Science and Technology, said that from a technical perspective, most of the domestic high-tech companies have not carried out basic research like foreign technology companies to build an ecological chain from basic research to chip to application.
Developing artificial intelligence, pragmatism is the best way
According to the plan, China's new generation of artificial intelligence will develop into three steps in 2030. The first step, that is, two years later, in 2020, the overall technology and application of artificial intelligence is synchronized with the world's advanced level, and the competitiveness of artificial intelligence industry has entered the international first phalanx, and the artificial intelligence industry has become a new important economic growth point. It is also necessary to cultivate a number of leading artificial intelligence enterprises in the world. The artificial intelligence core industry has a scale of more than 150 billion yuan, driving the related industries to exceed 1 trillion yuan.
Experts believe that pragmatism is the best way in the current stage of artificial intelligence development. Artificial intelligence is a technology-intensive, capital-intensive, and talent-intensive industry. Unlike the Internet business model innovation and business model innovation, it needs to implement software and hardware solutions to truly solve people's concerns.
Wang Haifeng believes that the pragmatism of artificial intelligence is also reflected in the systematic innovation of the combined scene. For example, unmanned vehicles, smart homes and other application scenarios, each with its own characteristics, specific problems and special data, need to solve the problems in the scene in a down-to-earth manner, in order to finally make a good application.
Pragmatic is also reflected in the focus on key core technologies. Pu Muming said that in the frontier areas of artificial intelligence, China must occupy a place, and strive to make breakthroughs in basic research such as algorithms and architecture. "I care most about how to make a new breakthrough in the underlying core algorithms by effectively understanding the brain's network."
Zhou Zhihua, director of the Department of Computer Science at Nanjing University and dean of the Institute of Artificial Intelligence, said that today's artificial intelligence convolutional neural network is a hot topic, but in fact it has been studied 20 or 30 years ago. When he studied machine learning more than 20 years ago, there were not many people in China who knew about machine learning at the time. They often asked questions such as "This machine is ready to pick cotton or prepare to repair machine tools." "From academic research, even if things are done by others that are far from reality, as long as they think they are valuable, they should stick to it. This is pragmatic."
In response to the cultivation of artificial intelligence talents, Zhou Zhihua believes that for artificial intelligence technology and industry, talents are the most important, and how good is the artificial intelligence. The distance between artificial intelligence and industry is very short, and many innovations can be immediately applied from the laboratory to the application, which leads to a very large demand for talent in the academic world. Universities and research institutions should consciously cultivate talents and provide talent pools. But it can't be rushed to simply replace the computer, automation and other disciplines with the brand of artificial intelligence.
Academician Tan Tieniu, vice chairman of the China Artificial Intelligence Society, believes that in the process of artificial intelligence development, we must rationally analyze the development of the future, rationally consider development goals and development paths, and thus pragmatically promote and ensure the healthy and sustainable development of artificial intelligence.
People's Daily (20th edition, August 06, 2018)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180806ee860005g

##
China's central enterprise news network--authority released the central enterprises, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the latest news of local state-owned enterprises
"Hualong No. 1" builds up China's nuclear industry brand
1281 words
28 June 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
On June 26th, the three-day World Nuclear Industry Exhibition opened at the Bourget International Exhibition Center in the northern suburbs of Paris. The theme of the exhibition is "A New Era of Civil Nuclear Energy", with 680 exhibitors from more than 30 countries including France, the United States and China. The China Nuclear Energy Industry Association has led 15 Chinese nuclear energy companies to participate in the China National Pavilion, showcasing nuclear power technologies and products designed and manufactured by China and internationally competitive, helping Chinese nuclear energy companies to explore the international market. The exhibition will also host a series of roundtables, exhibitor seminars and other nearly 80 events, which are expected to attract more than 20,000 visitors worldwide. The World Nuclear Industry Exhibition began in 2014 and is held every two years. By the China National Nuclear Corporation , China Guangdong Nuclear Power Group (hereinafter referred to as the China Guangdong Nuclear Power), the State Nuclear Power Technology CorporationChina National Pavilion exhibition area, Hualong International Nuclear Power Technology Co., Ltd. and other 15 Chinese nuclear companies consisting of nearly 400 square meters, is in addition to the host country The country with the largest exhibition area outside France, focusing on China's third-generation nuclear power technology "Hualong No.1" with complete independent intellectual property rights, as well as nuclear power operation and maintenance, nuclear fuel reprocessing, nuclear power components and other Chinese design and manufacturing, is internationally competitive. Technical products. "As a business card for China's nuclear power, 'Hualong No. 1' has received more and more users' response and expectation from the international nuclear power industry." Zheng Dongshan, CEO of CGN's General Nuclear Energy International Co., Ltd. According to the reporter, CGNPC is actively promoting cooperation and exploring the international market while promoting technology. "'Hualong No.1' has landed in the UK and is undergoing a general design review. In addition, 'Hualong No. 1' has been widely recognized and expected by international counterparts in Central and Eastern Europe and Southeast Asia, and the popularity of 'Hualong No. 1' is increasing." Month, China Guangdong Nuclear Power and France Power GroupSigned a UK nuclear power project investment agreement, the two sides will jointly invest in the construction of the British Hinkley Point nuclear power C project, and jointly promote the two major follow-up nuclear power projects of Setswell C and Bradwell B, of which Bradwell B project Adopting China's independent three-generation nuclear power technology "Hualong No.1". Zheng Dongshan said that the overall progress of the project is progressing smoothly. It is hoped that through these projects, the technical level of China Guangdong Nuclear Power will be continuously improved. At the same time, the technical strength of China's nuclear power enterprises will be demonstrated and the international influence of Chinese nuclear power enterprises will be continuously improved. "'Hualong No.1' represents the common aspiration of the industry. The core intellectual property rights are developed by China itself and are the 'children' of our generation of nuclear power." Zou Yongping, Chairman of Hualong International Nuclear Power Technology Co., Ltd. The reporter said that "Hualong No. 1" has strong competitiveness in all aspects of construction technology, equipment quality and operation management. During the exhibition, exhibitors from countries such as France, Germany and Germany were very interested in it, and students from the China-France Nuclear Institute hoped to go to Hualong International for an internship. "I believe that with the continuous development of China's nuclear power technology, the future application prospect of 'Hualong No. 1' will be very broad." On the same day, Beijing Guangli Nuclear System Engineering Co., Ltd. under China Guangdong Nuclear Power Co., Ltd. and the British Rolls-Royce Company signed The cooperation agreement, the two sides will integrate their cutting-edge digital and analog technology, explore new technology development, launch a new generation of nuclear-grade DCS platform (nuclear-level digital instrument control platform), and intend to integrate the instrument control technology and experience in the relevant projects in China and overseas. Provides nuclear-grade instrumentation system solutions that further enhance the customer experience and value for the global nuclear energy market. According to reports, the Harmony system developed by China Guangdong Nuclear Power Co., Ltd. is China's first nuclear-grade DCS platform with completely independent intellectual property rights. Its birth and application have filled China's gap in this field, and some of its key technical indicators have exceeded the international advanced level. Long Maoxiong, deputy secretary-general of the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association, told this reporter that China has experienced the development of international advanced technology and independent innovation in the course of nuclear power development over the past 30 years, and developed a third-generation nuclear power technology with independent intellectual property rights. It has accumulated technology and capabilities from nuclear power design and manufacturing to operation and maintenance. "I hope that this exhibition will bring China's technology and capabilities to the world, let other countries understand the status quo and future of China's nuclear power technology, and also contribute to the development of nuclear power in the world." (Report Paris, June 27th )
People's Daily (21st Edition, June 28th, 2018)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180628ee6s000ch

##
Party building
Bells: Strengthening party dialogue and promoting civilization and progress
1008 words
29 May 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
China actively builds a political party exchange platform and explores the establishment of a new type of political party relationship that seeks common ground while reserving differences, mutual respect, mutual learning and mutual learning. It helps the political parties of all countries to undertake the historical mission of building a community of human destiny and open up the sunshine road of human civilization and progress.
From May 26th to 28th, the special meeting of the CPC and the World Political Party High-level Dialogue was held in Shenzhen, Guangdong. Within the framework of the special conference, the "The Story of the Communist Party of China - Xi Jinping's Practice of the New Era of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in Practice in Guangdong", the Symposium to Mark the 200th Anniversary of Marx's Birth, the 4th China-Africa Youth Leaders Forum and the The Second China-Latin America Political Parties Forum was held successively. More than 500 political party representatives from more than 200 political parties from more than 100 countries gathered in Pengcheng to exchange their experiences and discuss cooperation plans to inject a powerful political party force into building a community of human destiny.
"We propose to institutionalize the high-level dialogue between the Chinese Communist Party and the world's political parties, making it a platform for high-end political dialogue with broad representation and international influence." On December 1, last year, General Secretary Xi Jinping was present at the top of the Chinese Communist Party and the world's political parties. At the opening ceremony of the dialogue, an initiative was issued to the leaders. This initiative was unanimously endorsed by the participating leaders and was included in the outcome document Beijing Initiative. Less than half a year later, the successful meeting of the high-level dialogue meeting between the Communist Party of China and the world political parties was the implementation of General Secretary Xi Jinping's initiative and the fulfillment of China's commitment.
Invite people from all walks of life to introduce the experience of China's reform and opening up, expound the ideological connotation of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping, and conduct in-depth dialogues on important issues such as development road, governing ability, and sustainable development... The sincere invitation of the Communist Party of China to the participating parties The representative responded enthusiastically. When the "The Story of the Communist Party of China - Xi Jinping's New Era of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in Practice in Guangdong" was held, many guests arrived at the venue one hour earlier to stop and visit the achievements of the 40th anniversary of Guangdong's reform and opening up; to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the birth of Marx At the symposium, when the "Internationale" was played, many delegates raised their right hand to sing the whole process; the Central African Youth Leaders Forum was attended by representatives of political parties from Africa, and their respective party flags and national flags were placed on the table. Inside and outside the venue, the party representatives talked the most about the Chinese Communist Party's experience in managing the party and the country. Thanks to the Chinese Communist Party for taking the initiative to build a platform for party exchanges, so that political parties from different countries and regions and different ideologies can exchange and learn from each other.
The enthusiasm for response stems from the urgent need for political party communication in today's world. As the source of decision-making, the representative of public opinion and the leader of public opinion, political parties play an important role in the political life of the country and an important force in promoting the progress of human civilization. How to position the party's duty and mission, how to get along with different parties, determine the destiny of the country and the people, and also affect the future of the world. China actively builds a platform for political parties to exchange and explore the establishment of a new type of political party relationship that seeks common ground while reserving differences, mutual respect, mutual learning and mutual learning. It helps the political parties of all countries to truly undertake the historical mission of building a community of human destiny and open up the sunny road of human civilization and progress.
"The trickle flows into the sea, and the stars light up the Milky Way." Facing the future, the Chinese Communist Party will continue to strengthen exchanges with political parties around the world, carry out civilized exchanges and dialogues, make unremitting efforts to build a community of human destiny, and enhance the well-being of people around the world.
People's Daily (May 29, 2018, 03 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180529ee5t0002m

##
Production channel
Strengthening the International Cooperation and Exchange of Ma Medical The 15th World Ma Medical Conference was held in Beijing
553 words
24 April 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
People's Daily Online, Beijing, April 24 (Xiaohuo Hou) The 15th World Ma Medical Conference and the 2018 "Belt and Road" International Horse Show jointly hosted by the China Horse Industry Association and the World Horse Medical Association were held in the Great Hall of the People. More than 80 lecturers from dozens of countries including the United States, the United Kingdom, and France have conducted professional courses for first-line horse workers and grassroots veterinarians. They have exchanged ideas on horse health, welfare, horse medical knowledge and technology. .
Jia Youling, president of the China Horse Industry Association, is the chairman of the conference. He hopes that by holding this conference, he will strengthen the confidence of the Chinese horse culture, strengthen the international horse doctor exchange, and introduce the most advanced science and technology and ideas in the field of horse medicine, and strengthen the training of professional talents in the horse industry. Promote the development of China's Jockey Club.
The theme of this conference is "Simu Anzhen", which is derived from the Chinese Ma Medical Classics "Si Mu An Ji", which is the earliest and complete system of Ma medical monographs in China. It is a Chinese tradition. The great work of Ma Medicine in the Tang Dynasty has been regarded as a must-read for Ma doctors until today.
In order to spread the Chinese horse culture, during the conference, the China Horse Industry Association, Fuzhong Group Co., Ltd. and China Agricultural Press jointly presented the Chinese and English versions of "Scue Anji" and "Yuanheng Heima" to the participants. ?. Prof. Wan Baozhen, director of the Ma Medical Committee of the China Horse Industry Association, said that the two books are classics of Chinese horse doctors. I hope that while demonstrating the Chinese horse culture, we will expand our horse industry research and talent cultivation. The influence of Chinese horse doctors provides intellectual support.
It is reported that the World Horse Medical Conference is held every two years. Entering China this year is a manifestation of the rapid development of China's horse industry and the increasing international influence. The conference will provide professional and advanced knowledge of horse doctors, and will also help to improve the status of domestic horse doctors and enhance the importance of horse doctors for industrial development.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180424ee4o00052

##
Technology
Short-wave technology
554 words
23 March 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
The National New Energy Vehicle Innovation Center settled in Beijing's first national technology innovation center in the electric vehicle industry. The National New Energy Vehicle Technology Innovation Center has recently settled in Beijing and became the second national technology innovation center approved by the Ministry of Science and Technology. The center will rely on BAW Group and other leading and co-construction units to focus on a number of key common technology R&D projects covering seven key technologies: electric drive, fuel cell, intelligent network, power battery, plug-in hybrid, electronic control and lightweight. In the field, we will create a world-class new energy vehicle technology innovation highland and become an integrated innovation center with global influence and common key technologies at the forefront. (Zhao Yongxin) Sino-German Intelligent Manufacturing Innovation Platform Launched in Huai'an, the IAIT-Huai'an Intelligent Manufacturing Innovation and Industrial Cooperation Service Platform jointly developed by the German Advanced Industrial Science and Technology Research Institute and Huai'an High-tech Industrial Development Zone was officially launched in Huai'an, Jiangsu Province. . The service platform will focus on intelligent manufacturing and promote innovation and industrial services to promote industrial development and innovation. The intelligent factory simulation line of Huai'an was designed and manufactured by the Fraunhofer Institute of Germany and the German Advanced Industrial Technology Research Institute. It applies the latest German Industry 4.0 technology and embodies the concept of mass customization and distributed manufacturing. (Wang Weijian) artificial intelligence to help mobile phone photo report. Recently, vivo smart phone released vivoX21 screen fingerprint mobile phone and vivoX21 two products. The new mobile phone has joined the artificial intelligence assistant, equipped with Qualcomm Snapdragon multi-core neural network acceleration chip, integrated multi-core hardware resources for artificial intelligence complex neural operations, and can process more artificial intelligence tasks in parallel. Its artificial intelligence scene camera not only recognizes common scenes such as night scenes and sports, but also recognizes photo content, including 17 labels and 140 scenes such as "portrait" and "food", and adjusts the photographing effect after recognition. (Liu Shiyao)
People's Daily (20th edition, March 23, 2018)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180323ee3n00062

##
about us
Introduction to People's Network
1645 words
28 February 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
On January 1, 1997, People's Daily Online was officially launched. It is a large-scale online information exchange platform built by People's Daily. It is a media culture listed company controlled by People's Daily and the largest comprehensive network on the Internet. One of the media.
In addition to the Chinese version, People's Network also has 7 minority languages ??and 9 foreign language versions, and won the first prize of the China News Award 12 times. As the vanguard of the national key news website and the first listed central online media, People's Network is committed to the website with the best content, forming news writing, online commentary, online interview, community interaction, live video, mobile publishing. Fast, authoritative, and in-depth all-media news reporting model. In the report, a wide range of new technologies and forms such as drones, virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), and mobile live broadcasts are widely used to enhance the appeal and appeal of news reports. The daily communication covers 258 million person-times, and netizens are spread across more than 210 countries and regions.
The party and state leaders are very concerned about the development of the People's Network. On April 26, 2000, Comrade Jiang Zemin personally learned about the report through the People's Daily during his visit to South Africa. On June 20, 2008, when Comrade Hu Jintao inspected the People's Daily, he exchanged online with the netizens through the People's Daily Online Forum. On February 19, 2016, Comrade Xi Jinping came to the People's Daily for investigation and research, and in the video live broadcast of People's Daily, the video of the cadres and masses of Chixi Village, Ningde, Fujian Province, two thousand kilometers away.
People's Daily Online has "Strong Country Forum", "Local Leadership Message Board", "High-end Interview", "One Belt and One Road All Media Platform", "People's Network Public Opinion Data Center", Mobile People's Network, Legal People Weibo, WeChat and other brand columns. The CPC Central Committee approved the "China Communist Party News Network." Hosted a number of professional websites such as "China National People's Congress News Network", "China Political Consultative Conference News Network", "Popular China", etc., and successively hosted the official website of the 17th National Congress, 18th National Congress, 19th National Congress, and the 19th National Congress The WeChat public account of the news center, the official website of the "One Belt and One Road" International Cooperation Summit Forum, and the official website of several party theme education activities, and successfully built 12 central ministries and commissions website.
As an important resource and means for the party and the state to govern the country and the "People's Daily Online", the People's Daily Network strives to play the role of "leaders", "leaders" and "mains of the pillars and the pinnacle of the sea" in the network public opinion ecology.
At present, more than 1,500 (minor) provincial and ministerial level leaders and nearly 3,000 (sub) NPC deputies and CPPCC members have exchanged and interacted with netizens through the People's Daily. As an internationally influential media, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Pakistani President Zardari and Prime Minister Gilani, President of the Republic of Costa Rica, Luis Solis, Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen and other heads of state accepted an exclusive interview with People's Daily. The ambassador came to People's Network for an interview.
People's Daily Online "Local Leadership Message Board" has been established for 12 years, attracting more than 1.3 million netizens to participate in helping the people solve practical problems. There have been 59 provincial party committee secretaries and provincial governors interacting with netizens through the People's Daily. More than 2,400 city and county leaders have publicly responded. Netizens leave a message, and 23 provinces have established a fixed mechanism for message processing. The column has received more than 860,000 pieces of local leadership responses.
"Mobile People's Network" was founded in 2005 and is the first mobile website launched by mainstream media. The total number of fans of the three major platforms of People's Daily Online Weibo is 82.96 million, ranking first among all official micro-accounts. People's Daily Online WeChat has more than 5.6 million fans. People's Network has opened a multilingual account group on overseas social media such as Facebook , Twitter , Line, VK, etc., which has become an important channel to enhance international communication and influence. People's Daily, which is operated by People's Daily, has more than 46 million fans of Facebook and Twitter English accounts. The number of fans, interaction rate, and active volume rank first in the global newspaper account.
After years of cultivation and development, People's Network has strong technical strength. The People's Daily Data Center project undertaken by People's Network includes 28 services in 8 categories including computing services, storage services, network services and database services. The data center computer room building of the People's Network with independent property rights can accommodate nearly 20,000 standard servers and become the disaster recovery center of the People's Daily Data Center and the People's Network, providing technical support for the People's Daily and People's Network.
People's Network actively expands its mainstream propaganda position and develops diversified businesses. It has established local channels in 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions. It has People's Online, Global Network, Overseas Network, People's Video, Jintai Venture Capital, People's Health, People's Technology, People's Sports, etc. A number of holding companies have established 11 branches in 10 countries and regions including Tokyo, New York, San Francisco, Seoul, South Korea, London, Moscow, Johannesburg, Australia, Sydney, France, Nordic Sweden and Hong Kong. office.
On April 27, 2012, People's Daily was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code "603000"), which was the first news website to be listed on domestic A-shares. Since its listing, People's Daily has continuously improved its corporate governance, standardized its operations, and focused on the scientific layout of its main business. It has actively repaid investors and established a good position in the Chinese stock market. The corporate image has developed into a listed company that is leading the industry.
People's Network attaches great importance to the construction of corporate culture, adheres to the development and cultivation of the talent team, attaches importance to the construction of spiritual civilization, and forms an efficient and harmonious working atmosphere. He has won the "Internet Industry Self-discipline Contribution Award" for many years, and won the "National Civilized Unit", "National Model Workers and Small Family", "National Youth Civilization", "2017 World Media Top 500", "2016 China Internet Top 100 Enterprises" A number of national and international honorary titles. For many years, he ranked first in the ranking of China's news website.
Wang Yizhen, Chairman of the People's Network, Ye Hao, President, and Editor-in-Chief.
(data as of January 2018)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180417ee2s0009i

##
Production channel
Let China's space fly higher (technical talk)
1144 words
29 January 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
China's space station must seize the stage of rapid development, recognize its own advantages and disadvantages, anchor its development goals, and step by step to innovate and catch up with the recent high-throughput communication satellites. Practice 13 was officially put into use. This satellite has broken through many bottleneck technologies that restrict the development of China's space technology, and has created many "firsts" of China's and world's communications satellites. It is an important manifestation of China's aerospace technology. From the perspective of the space launches of about 20 times last year and nearly 10 times in the last month, high-density launches will become a major feature of China's spaceflight in the next few years, whether it is a national-level major project or a commercial aerospace marketization project. , will usher in a round of development climax. This reflects both the strength of China's space industry and one of the signs that China's space development has entered a new phase. In recent years, China's space development can be said to have handed over a very heavy answer. The success of the Tianzhou-1 cargo spacecraft mission last year made China's manned spaceflight project complete the first two steps of the "three-step" plan and opened the door to the space station era. The No. 3 mission of the lunar exploration project completed the first Chinese spacecraft "moon landing", or the prelude to the "return to the moon" of humans after decades. The Beidou navigation project has also entered the global networking phase, expanding from providing regional services to global services in five years. Others such as high-scoring satellite engineering, scientific satellite projects, and commercial aerospace are also well-known, and commercial aerospace startups are beginning to emerge. These are not only the achievements of China Aerospace, but also the basis for the next step. For China Aerospace, which is the head of the world's second echelon, it is always clear that it is guided by scientific goals and exploration plans, from aerospace powers to space powers. The same is true for the aerospace development plan in the next few years: the Chinese space station will be completed in the next few years, and the astronauts have begun the daily training of the space station mission; the tasks of the No. 4 and No. 5 missions will soon be implemented and will be realized. The back of the moon landed and sampled back; in order to complete the goal of more than 30 Beidou satellites global network, nearly 20 Beidou satellites will be launched this year. It is almost unprecedented to complete so many difficult, high-span space programs in such a short period of time. Undoubtedly, being able to make such clear and specific plans also shows confidence and confidence. However, building a space power is not a static goal of "seeking a sword for the sword", and "not advancing and retreating" is not enough to describe the difficulty of this pursuit. For the US, Russia and other space powers, they will not wait for other countries to surpass. The pace of innovation is not necessarily smaller than that of China and other countries that develop space. Because of the higher starting point, their steps are likely to be Bigger. Especially the space powers In the "leading" position, their sudden "change" is likely to affect the pace of the chaser, and even lead to hesitation. If the chaser lacks strength, it is likely to be self-defeating. For example, the International Space Station plans to stop using it around 2024. This news has made people think that the United States and other related cooperative countries have lost a stop in space, but last year the United States officially proposed to return to the moon and finally board after the manned landing asteroid program. On Mars, this made the international space community realize that the space powers have flexible adjustment capabilities based on their deep strength base. The construction of a space power is officially written into the party's 19th National Congress report, and China's space is thus standing at a new historical starting point. For China's space flight entering a new era, the most important thing at present is to seize the opportunity period of rapid development, recognize its own advantages and disadvantages, anchor its own development goals, and innovate and catch up step by step. In addition, the aerospace industry is a science and technology field that has far-reaching influence on human social development and scientific and technological progress. The Chinese space industry also needs to plan open cooperation and enhance innovation capability and international influence with a global perspective. This is also an important symbol of the space power.
People's Daily (20th Edition, January 29th, 2018)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180129ee1t00020

##
Current affairs
Network culture innovation "going out to sea" is at the right time (new era of network powers (13))
1675 words
25 December 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Culture is an important force for the survival and development of a nation. In recent years, especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the production, dissemination and consumption of Chinese cultural products and services have become more and more digital and networked. The network culture format based on the Internet and mobile Internet has become a new growth point for the development of cultural industries, not only for The economic transformation and upgrading, green development has provided new impetus, and has continued to go abroad, further enhancing the international influence of Chinese culture.
More active overseas fans
In the United States, the vast majority of readers who like Chinese martial arts literature will go to a website - "martial arts world." This US-language website has a focus on translating original works of Chinese online literature.
The founder of the website is Lai Jingping, who was a diplomat at the US Embassy in Vietnam. Out of interest, he has done his own translation in recent years and created this website last year. Unexpectedly, he has gained a large number of hardcore fans and industry attention, with 4 million users from 115 countries logging in every day. Many foreign readers commented: "It is Lai Jingping and the 'Wu Xia World' website that takes us into the world of fantasy and magical Chinese network martial arts literature."
If this is regarded as the "foreign water" of Chinese online literature ("tap water", that is, "the water army that voluntarily praises"), then in recent years, the Chinese online literature industry platform collectively "goes out to sea" is regarded as the Chinese online culture. "The main force." Wu Wenhui, CEO of the Internet Literature Platform , said that Chinese online literature has been spreading overseas since 2010. Today, overseas fans and readers cover more than 20 countries and regions, and only the authorized works of the Reading Group are Up to 200.
In addition to "web-based sea", in recent years, online culture products such as animation games, online music, and online video have also accelerated the pace of "going out" and become the main product of overseas public consumption. The development of new formats such as smart language, webcast and e-sports is also very active overseas. Take China's original game exports as an example. Last year, China's self-developed online games actually generated US$7.23 billion in overseas revenues, up from US$3.99 billion in the first half of this year, up 57.7% year-on-year.
As the leader of Chinese game exports, the perfect world is adapted from Jin Yong's martial arts novels, the same-named mobile game "The Legend of the Condor Heroes" and "Eternal Dragon Sword". In recent years, the average annual growth rate of overseas users has exceeded 30%. Xiao Yu, CEO of Perfect World Co., Ltd. told this reporter that focusing on the combination of traditional culture and game innovation has played a decisive role in the process of Chinese games going overseas, and it is the root of the rapid development of the entire Chinese game industry.
Policy gives good opportunities
The network culture industry is constantly "going out to sea" and is closely related to the government's strong support in recent years.
Last year, the State Council issued the "13th Five-Year National Strategic Emerging Industry Development Plan", and the digital creative industry was first included in the national strategic emerging industry development plan. In April this year, the Ministry of Culture issued the "Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Innovation and Development of the Digital Culture Industry", which is the first macro-level and guiding policy document for the development of the digital cultural industry at the national level. The "Guidance Opinions" clearly stated that it is necessary to enrich the content and form of the network culture industry and promote the dissemination of excellent cultural products. As an important part of the digital cultural industry, the network culture industry has ushered in new development opportunities.
In practice, online literature "goes out" is even earlier. In January 2015, the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television issued the "Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Healthy Development of Internet Literature", clearly proposing "to carry out foreign exchanges and promote 'going out'" and encourage online literary works to actively enter the international market.
In recent years, more and more Chinese online literature websites have begun to explore overseas markets through overseas mergers and acquisitions, joint operations, and establishment of branches. For example, Chinese Online has established branches in the United States and Europe; the Jinjiang Literature City website has an online copyright signed overseas copyright every day; and the Reading Group officially launched its overseas portal "Starting Point International" this year, mainly in English. And cover multiple language versions.
Practice "internal strength" and go far
The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China proposed to improve the modern cultural industry system and market system, innovate production and operation mechanisms, improve cultural and economic policies, and foster new cultural formats. This points the way for the development of the network culture and its industry.
Zhang Xu, Vice Minister of Culture, said at the 2017 China Network Culture Industry Annual Meeting that it is necessary to raise the level of scale, intensification and specialization of the cultural industry, and cultivate a number of world-class network cultures with global competitiveness and influence in the new era. Enterprises, the brand of Chinese online culture enterprises.
He suggested that network culture enterprises should promote all-round innovation in the network culture industry. Through content originalization and product development, we will strengthen the research and development of technological innovation and core technologies in the field of network culture. Cultivate high-end content creation, creative design, management, investment management, cultural and technological talents and teams with innovative thinking, and drive the high-quality development of the network culture industry with innovation.
In order to enhance its core competitiveness, cooperation with overseas companies has become the main strategy adopted by many domestic film and television production companies. In 2016, the domestic Hollywood blockbuster "Warcraft" was introduced. In fact, there are actually more than a dozen Chinese film and television companies co-investing. Through cooperation, reference and learning in creative design, production technology, and distribution strategies, domestic film and television companies are rapidly improving their internationalization level.
Xiao Yu believes that in the process of world communication of Chinese culture, network culture enterprises can not make quick success and should cultivate "internal strength." It is necessary to stand in the world and focus on long-term development. "Creating quality products is the core principle that content production enterprises must adhere to at all times. Focusing on research and development is the foundation of this. In order to continue to promote the Chinese culture as a carrier of spiritual values, "going out", let foreign people touch the pulse of Chinese culture and feel The vitality of contemporary China," Xiao Yu said.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020171225edcp0006b
##

International
"We come for peace and friendship" (People's Forum)
989 words
4 December 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
In 2010, Chinese naval medical personnel were rescued, and a Bangladeshi baby girl was born safely and named "China." Seven years later, the little girl went to Chittagong to meet the Chinese navy's long-distance visit formation, and a "Chinese mother", so that the doctor who participated in the operation, Sheng Ruifang, moved to tears. This reunion spanning thousands of miles was nicknamed "the journey of warm heart" by netizens.
It is a portrayal of China's foreign exchanges to make good friends and make friends. In 2014, after the terrorist attack in Peshawar, the Chinese government invited Pakistani injured students and family members to go to China for medical treatment. In the face of the continued spread of the Ebola epidemic, the Chinese medical team rushed to West Africa for assistance. From neighboring neighbors to Wanli Yuanbang, China's sincere and purely enthusiastic move has won the respect of more and more countries.
"We come for peace and friendship and come to promote common development." Just as a video film describes, although China's economy is growing and its international influence is increasing, it insists on peaceful development and promotes win-win cooperation. The will to pursue fairness and justice has never wavered. "Building a community of human destiny" has been written into several UN resolutions, and more than 100 countries and international organizations have actively participated in the construction of the "Belt and Road"... The Chinese program and the Chinese concept have stirred up a wave of enthusiasm, reflecting a strong China , has been and will continue to make more contributions to human progress and play a greater role.
The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China emphasized that "the road to peaceful development should be adhered to and the building of a community of human destiny." "National power must be hegemonic" is not the logic of the Chinese, and "he is a real creature" is the cultural gene of the Chinese. Even if it has grown into a "big man in the crowd", or others seem to be "the elephants entering the porcelain store," China still believes in the value of the rules, respecting the repair and harmony of the state. The British philosopher Russell once summed up the most important personality traits of the Chinese people with a "sentimentality", that is, using fair but not violent methods to resolve disputes. Pakistani writer Jared believes that Chinese people like to use water as a metaphor for power, which means that the stronger the country, the more humility is needed. China's peaceful development is not only a source of strength that cannot be ignored, but also a beacon of hope and yearning. The more we understand Chinese culture, the more we go to a deeper level of spiritual and cultural exchanges, the more we will understand the Chinese culture's "harmony" culture, the "harmony" realm, and the "harmony" belief.
The creations are arrogant, and the tens of thousands of senses are sincere. A reporter who has been interviewed in Laos recalls that there is a child named Song Peng in the locality. The name is "friend" to symbolize the friendship between the old and the old. The reporter lamented that using his own name to commemorate the friendship between the two countries requires the most sincere love. Such trust is hard to come by. Such warmth is precious and it also provides inspiration for the exchanges between countries. With neighbors as partners rather than arrogance, people are good and not flying, let the world feel their own mind and tolerance. Why can't a country show a peaceful, amiable and civilized image, and why can't happily get along with the world and gain more? How good a partner, good friend.
Not long ago, an Indian journalist completed his first trip to China. The amazing development achievements and orderly social appearance have shattered his prejudice and prompted him to reflect on: "How important it is to change the concept of China." "China needs to know more about the world, and the world needs to know more about China." China is quietly practicing the promise of being a world peace builder, a contributor to global development, and a defender of international order in a way that traditional powers have never tried. (Lv Xiaoxun)
People's Daily (December 04, 2017, 04 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020171204edc400014

##
View
Overseas version of Wanghailou: Two "constructs" indicate China's diplomatic direction
1019 words
7 November 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
On the avenue, the world is public. In his report to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out that diplomacy with a big country with Chinese characteristics should promote the construction of a new type of international relations and promote the building of a community of human destiny. These two "constructions" have pointed out the direction for the diplomacy of a big country with Chinese characteristics.
Building a new type of international relationship is the main path for diplomacy with a big country with Chinese characteristics.
The report of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China pointed out that China will hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation and win-win, abide by the foreign policy objectives of safeguarding world peace and promoting common development, and unswervingly develop friendly cooperation with other countries on the basis of the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence. Promote the establishment of new international relations of mutual respect, fairness, justice, cooperation and win-win.
China has promoted the democratization of international relations and is not in favor of engaging in "one country's dominance" or "several parties." China respects the right of people of all countries to choose their own development path, safeguards international fairness and justice, opposes imposing their will on others, opposes interference in other countries' internal affairs, and opposes bullying. China's development does not pose a threat to any country. No matter how far China develops, it will never seek hegemony and never expand.
Building a community of human destiny is the goal of diplomacy with a big country with Chinese characteristics.
The report of the 19th National Congress pointed out that we call on the people of all countries to work together to build a community of human destiny and build a world of lasting peace, universal security, common prosperity, openness, tolerance and cleanliness. Its key lies in the concerted efforts of the people of all countries. The international community must make efforts in partnership, security, economic development, civilized exchanges, and ecological construction to jointly create a better future for mankind.
Adhere to dialogue and consultation to build a world of lasting peace. It is necessary to build partnerships between countries that are not confrontational and non-aligned. The major powers must respect each other's core interests and major concerns, manage contradictions and differences, and strive to build a new type of relationship that is free from conflict, non-confrontation, mutual respect, and win-win cooperation. The big powers should treat each other as equals, and do not engage in the hegemony of being alone and buying and selling.
Adhere to building and sharing, and build a world of universal security. The security of a country cannot be built on the turmoil of other countries, and the threat of other countries may also become a challenge for the country. All parties should establish a new security concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable. We must persist in resolving disputes through dialogue, resolve differences through consultation, and cope with traditional and non-traditional security threats.
Adhere to cooperation and win-win, and build a world of common prosperity. Development is the top priority and applies to all countries. All countries must work together in the same boat, not as neighbors. China will continue to pursue an open strategy of mutual benefit and win-win, share its development opportunities with the rest of the world, and welcome countries to take the "winding" of China's development.
Adhere to mutual learning and build an open and inclusive world. The diversity of human civilization is the basic feature of the world and the source of human progress. Different civilizations must learn from each other's strengths and make progress together, so that the exchange of civilizations and mutual learning can be the driving force for the advancement of human society and the link to maintain world peace.
Stick to green and low carbon and build a clean and beautiful world. The conclusion of the Paris Agreement is a milestone in the history of global climate governance. The international community cannot let this result go to waste.
China is increasingly approaching the center of the world stage. The diplomacy of a big country with Chinese characteristics is advancing in an all-round way, and has formed an all-dimensional, multi-level, three-dimensional diplomatic layout, which has created good external conditions for China's development. Promote the construction of new international relations, promote the building of a community of human destiny, promote the transformation of the global governance system, and further enhance China's international influence, appeal, and shaping.
(The author is a researcher at the German Research Center of Tongji University and dean of the Institute of International and Public Affairs)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020171107edb70009o

##
Technology
Nano-energy technology will become the source of emerging industries such as the Internet of Things
945 words
22 October 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
People's Daily Online, Beijing, October 22 (Zhao Zhuqing) The 3rd International Conference on Nano-Energy and Nanosystems was held in Beijing on the 21st. More than 700 experts and scholars from relevant research fields in nearly 30 countries and regions gathered in the world. Let's discuss the major frontier issues in the field of nano energy and systems. The reporter learned at the meeting that nano energy technology is the world's advanced new energy technology and will become the source of the development of the Internet of Things, digital diagnosis and treatment and new environmental protection industries.
The conference was hosted by the Beijing Institute of Nano Energy and Systems, Chinese Academy of Sciences. The chairman of the conference is chaired by the chief scientist and director of the institute, Wang Zhonglin. He founded piezoelectric electronics and piezoelectric optoelectronics, and has achieved important international research results in the fields of synthesis, characterization, nano-energy and self-driven systems of zinc oxide nanomaterials. One of the most academically influential scientists in the field of science and technology.
Wang Zhonglin said that since the beginning of the 21st century, due to the continuous development of the economy and the rapid increase of population, the international energy demand and environmental pollution have become increasingly serious. The development of new energy has become an important consensus in the world. At the same time, the rapidly developing IoT technology requires a large number of large-area sensor networks driven by external circuits, which significantly increases the size and power consumption of micro-nano devices, and develops and builds a new generation of high-end smart sensors to realize the self-drive of devices. Become a hot spot in current international research.
Wang Zhonglin pointed out that nano energy technology is the world's most advanced new energy technology. It is the source of power for the Internet of Things, digital diagnosis and new environmental protection industries. It is based on energy conversion and energy storage of nanomaterials and nanotechnology, involving materials science and sensing. Technology, biotechnology, electronic engineering and other disciplines can be widely used in human-computer interaction, intelligent identification, air purification, security monitoring, Internet applications, and is of great value and strategic significance for improving human environment, health and safety.
Wang Zhonglin said that this conference will build a high-level and multi-level academic exchange platform for scientists from all over the world in the field of nano-energy and systems, to deepen the development of nano-energy and systems related technologies and industrial applications, and promote international exchanges and cooperation. To play an active role and further promote the deep participation of Chinese scientists in this field, effectively expanding the international influence and discourse power of China's scientific and technological community.
As the largest international conference in the field of nano-energy and systems research, the conference includes nano-generators and energy harvesting, self-powered sensors and their systems, piezoelectric electronics and piezoelectric optoelectronics, energy storage and self-charging energy systems, solar energy. The six sub-themes of battery and composite energy batteries, photocatalysis and water splitting, and the latest research in the field of nano-energy and systems through 158 wall reports and 231 oral reports.
It is understood that the Beijing Institute of Nano-Energy and Systems of the Chinese Academy of Sciences is a new research unit jointly built by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Beijing . It is supported by major talent programs such as the "Thousand Talents Program", "Hundred Talents Program" and "Haiju Project". And it has gathered the first-class innovative talents at home and abroad, and has become a world-class innovation platform and technology power in the field of nano energy and systems.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020171022edam00032

##
One Belt and One Road All Media Platform
Power to innovation
700 words
28 September 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
In recent years, in the process of promoting economic development, all provinces and cities in the eastern region have always adhered to the in-depth implementation of the innovation-driven development strategy, placing innovation in a prominent position and driving innovation. Innovation has become the basic consensus in the eastern region. As a regional innovation and high-tech industrial base, Jiangsu and Guangdong have always occupied the first and second positions in the country. The added value of high-tech industries in the two provinces accounted for more than 40% of the national total, and the value-added of knowledge-intensive service industries accounted for The proportion of the country reached 22.2%. At the same time, the total investment and growth rate of innovation in Zhejiang and Shandong have also reached a high level. The continuous increase in innovation investment has provided a strong guarantee for the enhancement of innovation capacity in the eastern region. The report released by the Ministry of Science and Technology recently showed that since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China's regional innovation capability has increased significantly, and the national scientific and technological innovation level index has increased by 7.29 points. Among them, six provinces and cities in the east of Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Guangdong, Jiangsu and Zhejiang have been in the leading position in the country. The strength and status of Beijing and Shanghai as national and even global science and technology innovation centers have begun to appear. Innovation brings better development in the eastern region. Promoting scientific and technological innovation is for better development. In the process of technological innovation, it is necessary to focus on industrial development, highlight scientific and technological support, strengthen technological transformation, and promote more scientific and technological achievements into real productivity. Guangdong used to be a frontier town of "three to one supplement" and a gathering place for low-end manufacturing. Today, these are history because of innovation. In the past five years, the proportion of Guangdong's research and development investment in GDP has increased from 2.17% to 2.58%, close to the level of innovative countries (regions); there are two national independent innovation demonstration zones, and nearly 20,000 high-tech enterprises in the province; 2016 The added value of high-tech manufacturing industry accounted for 27.6% of the added value of industrial enterprises above designated size, an increase of 4.3 percentage points over 2012. Innovation is pushed to the country from the eastern region. The eastern region is at the forefront of China's reform and opening up, shouldering the task of guiding and testing the country. While promoting technological innovation, institutional innovation has also become a key task in the eastern region. The continuous increase of innovation investment, the continuous enhancement of innovation capability and the effective improvement of the institutional environment have provided sufficient guarantee for the eastern region to accelerate the transformation of innovation-driven development and create an innovative highland with international influence. We have reason to believe that in the future, the eastern region will be more emboldened and farther and farther on the road to innovation.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170928ed9s0008u

##
International
The establishment of the BRICS think tank will play an increasingly important role
713 words
31 August 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
People's Daily Online, Beijing, August 31st, "Blue Book of Emerging Economies: BRICS Development Report (2017)" was released in Beijing this morning. The Blue Book points out that intellectual resources are the foundation of technological innovation and an indispensable resource for improving production efficiency. How to speed up the progress of BRICS cooperation and promote the further improvement of the BRICS cooperation mechanism? This requires the BRICS countries to work together to build a group of specialized high-end think tanks with greater international influence. At the same time, to provide more specialized talents for the further deepening of the BRICS cooperation mechanism, the BRICS countries should further develop the think tank construction. Institutional norms.
The Blue Book believes that the BRICS countries have already recognized the impact of think tank construction on BRICS cooperation models, and thus China and Russia have dominated the construction of the BRICS University Alliance and the BRICS Network University. The BRICS University Alliance Secretariat is located in the universities of China and Russia - Beijing Normal University and Ural Federal University. The BRICS University Alliance has a total of 38 BRICS universities, including 19 in China, 7 in Russia, 5 in Brazil, 2 in India and 5 in South Africa. The BRICS Network University has a total of 55 BRICS universities participating in the project, each with 11 universities participating in each country. The member states intend to study in energy, computer science and information security, BRICS countries, and ecology. Cooperation with the six major areas of climate change, water resources and pollution treatment, and economics. In addition to the intellectual support provided by the University Alliance, the BRICS Economic Think Tank was established in November 2011. The members are mainly from the think tanks of the BRICS countries, former government officials, academics and other researchers interested in the BRICS cooperation mechanism. Composition.
At present, the think tank platform in the BRICS cooperation mechanism has been set up, but it is necessary to make good use of the three major platforms of the BRICS National University Alliance, the BRICS National Network University and the BRICS Economic Think Tank. The establishment of a learning platform for young students among universities in the BRICS countries should also take advantage of the advantages of scientific research and disciplines in universities to cultivate scientific research talents in the BRICS team and provide support for the further deepening of the BRICS cooperation mechanism. In addition, the academic think tank cannot be separated from the economic entity, and the think tank should also cooperate with the BRICS New Development Bank and the BRICS Business Council in a transactional project, which will help the think tank better coordinate the BRICS in the international arena. The position in the organization.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170831ed8v0004k

##
International
The US-French presidential meeting is difficult to conceal differences
1037 words
15 July 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
From July 13th to 14th, US President Trump visited France and attended the French National Day parade on July 14th as a guest to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the United States participating in the First World War. Trump just ended his visit to Germany on July 10. After three days, he set foot in Europe again and interviewed France, causing widespread public concern. On the afternoon of the 13th, after more than two hours of talks, French President Mark Long and Trump said at a press conference jointly held by the Elysee Palace in the French Presidential Palace that the two heads of state focused on climate change, anti-terrorism, Syria. The consultations were held on such issues. Regarding climate change, Trump said that "what might happen" in the Paris Agreement. This remark was interpreted by the media as Trump's "looseness" in the Paris Agreement, which may change the position on the Paris Agreement. Convincing Trump to return to the Paris Agreement is Mark Long's stated goal. On the issue of counter-terrorism, the French and American leaders pledged to take all measures to eradicate terrorist forces and limit the propaganda of terrorist forces. The two sides agreed to strengthen action and cooperation in the Internet field, requiring all operators to limit the propaganda of terrorist forces on the Internet and take joint actions to combat cybercrime. On the Syrian conflict, the two sides will agree to post-war political road map initiative, hoping to establish contact group on Syria, so that the United NationsBased on existing results, the conflict is more effectively involved and the post-war inclusive political solution is sought. Although the two sides emphasize common ground, it is difficult to conceal differences on key issues. First of all, the issue of climate change has always been a major obstacle between the United States and France. Secondly, on the issue of trade, Trump advocates "a priority for the United States" and has repeatedly stated that globalization is unfair to the United States, while Markron is a supporter of free trade and globalization. Third, Trump claimed in February that France had a constant terrorist attack and increased refugees. "Paris is no longer the original Paris." When French President Hollande was rebellious, it said that the US guns were flooding and shootings were frequent. It reflects the differences between the two countries on issues such as counter-terrorism, gun management, and receiving refugees. Although the ruling time is not long, it seems to be the style of Mark Long's diplomacy to relive the traditional friendship on the grounds of commemorating history. On May 29th, Mark Long thought that Russian President Vladimir Putin would hold a working visit to France and a bilateral meeting at the Palace of Versailles on the grounds that the special exhibition marking the 300th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between France and Russia was unveiled. Through these visits, Mark Long hopes to establish more familiar personal relationships and friendships with the leaders of Russia and the United States, and help France once again move to the center of the international arena, reflecting France's ambition to pursue the status and international influence of the great powers. Public opinion believes that the symbolic significance of the above visits is greater than the actual meaning. Although it helps to promote the relationship between leaders, the improvement of bilateral relations has no practical effect. Mark Long and Trump have mutual interests. The former hopes to enhance France's international status, and Trump, who has caused "American isolation" because of "US priority", needs overseas friends to get out of isolation. CNN believes that from this visit, it can be seen that although there are huge differences between the US and France in international trade and climate change, Markron's plan to reinvigorate France still needs the United States, and believes that US-French relations are in the international order. It is very important. According to French international expert Adrian Desslan, France wants to re-play the role of Russian-American middlemen and promote the communication between Russia and the United States on Syria and Ukraine, but this middleman should be a "promoter" rather than a "transporter". By". (Report Paris, Washington, July 14th)
People's Daily (July 15, 2017, 11th edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170715ed7f0001u

##
One Belt and One Road All Media Platform
"One Belt, One Road": China's gift to the world (Wanghai Building)
1085 words
15 May 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
On May 14, Chinese President Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the "One Belt, One Road" International Cooperation Summit Forum and delivered a keynote speech entitled "Working Together to Promote the Construction of the Belt and Road", emphasizing persistence in peaceful cooperation, openness, tolerance and mutual learning. With the spirit of mutual benefit and win-win as the core spirit of the Silk Road, we will work together to promote the construction of the "Belt and Road" and build a path of peace, prosperity, openness, innovation and civilization to a better tomorrow. President Xi Jinping's speech is high-spirited, magnificent, and powerful, and draws a clear road map for the future direction of the "Belt and Road". It is no exaggeration to say that the "Belt and Road" is the "knocking journey" of the 21st century. It is the world's largest super project initiated by China. It is a gift from China to contribute to the peaceful development of mankind, and the "five links" ( Policy communication, facility connectivity, trade smoothness, capital finance, and people's minds) and the "Five Roads" (peace of peace, prosperity, openness, innovation, and civilization) carry the dream of China and the world. The expectations of the international community and the needs of China's own development have determined that the birth of the "Belt and Road" is a historical necessity. On the one hand, the rise of a great power in history will inevitably have an important impact on the pattern of international relations. In the past, there have been many cases of achieving a rise through expansion and war, leaving a long-lasting pain and suffering. China has emerged from a new era of great powers. President Xi Jinping pointed out: The peace deficit, the development of deficits and the governance deficit are serious challenges facing all mankind. Advocating the joint venture to build and share the "One Belt, One Road" China program is undoubtedly the advanced nature of the times. On the other hand, standing at a new historical starting point, China's development needs a new pattern of opening up to the outside world, and China has the ability to provide international public goods that cooperate and win-win with the international community. Xi Jinping once said: "China's development benefits from the international community, and China must contribute to global development. We promote the construction of the 'One Belt and One Road', set up the Silk Road Fund, and advocate the establishment of an Asian infrastructure investment bank to support countries. Common development." China is taking a road of peaceful development, cooperation and win-win. China's development not only realizes its own national interests, but also brings dividends to other countries, and the United States and the United States. For more than three years, from strangers to familiarities, from knowing each other to observing, from sharing to building and sharing, from concept to action, more and more countries are eager to take the "One Belt and One Road" initiative, the "China High Speed ??Rail". The "Belt and Road" construction breaks through the barriers and fits the countries and regions along the route and the UNThe development goals, vividly linking the Chinese dream and the dreams of the people along the line, will not only help promote economic prosperity and regional economic cooperation among countries along the route, but also help strengthen the exchanges and mutual learning of different civilizations and promote world peace and development. To benefit the great cause of the people along the line. China is a bridge connecting the future. Missing the opportunity in China will miss the future. The summit has a high degree of participation and a wide representation. In addition to the heads of three major international organizations including 29 foreign heads of state, heads of government and the UN Secretary General, the United States, Britain, France, Germany, the European Union, Japan, North Korea, South Korea, etc. A high-level delegation was sent to the forum. The summit forum marks that the Chinese program has become a world program. China has internationalized its own demands and enhanced China's international influence and appeal. The "Belt and Road Initiative" initiative comes from China and its effectiveness benefits the world. The "Belt and Road" is a feast of sharing and sharing between the countries of the world. It is a great practice for building a community of human destiny and a common cause of "lifting up its sleeves and cheering up". The success of the "Belt and Road" international cooperation summit is not only the success of China, but also the success of all participants. It is also the success of the world, and the role played by China is becoming more and more dazzling. (The author is the executive vice president and researcher of the China Institute of International Studies)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170515ed5f00070
##

Current affairs
Li Keqiang pays an official visit to Australia
629 words
23 March 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Canberra, March 22 (Reporter Jiao Xiang, Li Feng, Bao Jie) On the evening of March 22, local time, at the invitation of Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, Premier Li Keqiang arrived at Canberra Airport by special plane and began to Australia made an official visit and held the fifth round of the annual meeting between the Prime Minister of China and Australia. Premier Li Keqiang's wife Cheng Hong arrived on the same plane. Australian Minister of Trade, Tourism and Investment Qiao Bo and other senior government officials and Chinese ambassador to Australia Cheng Jingye met at the airport. Li Keqiang said that this year coincides with the 45th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Australia. The long-term development of bilateral relations and cooperation has brought many tangible benefits to the people of both sides. I hope that through this visit, the Australian side will continue to open up new prospects for cooperation in various fields between the two countries in the spirit of mutual respect, equality, cooperation and mutual benefit, and promote the sustained, healthy and stable development of China-Australia relations. Li Keqiang pointed out that under the situation that the world economic recovery is still weak, anti-globalization and protectionism tend to rise, China and Australia as a country with important international influence build consensus and deepen cooperation, jointly promote the promotion of trade and investment liberalization and convenience, and oppose protection. The positive signal of the doctrine, releasing more "free trade prosperity" dividends, will help to achieve mutual benefit and win-win results, and will also contribute to the stable development of the region and the world. During the visit, Li Keqiang will hold several meetings with Turnbull, witness the signing of cooperation documents between the two sides, and meet with reporters. The two prime ministers will jointly attend the 2nd China-Australia Governors Forum in Sydney, the China-Australia Business CEO Roundtable, the China-Australia Economic and Trade Cooperation Forum and related humanities activities. Li Keqiang will also meet with Australian Governor Cosgrove, Federal Parliament Senate Parry and Speaker of the House of Representatives Smith, Labour Party leader Xiao Teng and other political figures. Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, March 22nd, at the invitation of Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and New Zealand Prime Minister Bill Inglich, Premier Li Keqiang left Beijing on the morning of March 22 to pay an official visit to the two countries. The fifth round of the China-Australia Prime Minister's annual meeting was held in Australia. Premier Li Keqiang's wife, Cheng Hong, accompanied the delegation and left Beijing.
People's Daily (01 March 2017, 01 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170323ed3n0006z

##
Finance
Promote the deep integration of culture and technology (governance)
1215 words
26 January 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Culture and science complement each other and promote each other. The advanced cultural concept is the ideological source of scientific and technological innovation, and technological innovation is a powerful lever to promote the transformation of cultural production methods. As the core area of ??the National Science and Technology Innovation Center, Beijing Haidian District relies on the leading advantages of science and technology industry development and profound humanistic atmosphere to vigorously promote the deep integration of culture and science and technology, and actively promote the new business culture industry, and achieved remarkable results.
Deeply understand the relevance of culture and technology. At present, the integration of culture and technology is increasingly extensive and in-depth. Science and technology have penetrated into all levels and links of cultural product creation, production, dissemination and consumption, and have become an important support and engine for the development of cultural undertakings and cultural industries. The new situation and new tasks require us to deeply grasp the relationship between culture and science and technology and promote the in-depth integration and development of culture and technology. Culture is the blood of the nation, the spiritual home of the people, the spiritual temperament and way of thinking of the people of a country, and the important function of guiding social progress and enhancing social civilization. Therefore, the advanced cultural concept can play a leading role in technological innovation from the aspects of leading value orientation, inspiring innovation vitality and improving thinking level. At the same time, it should be noted that technological innovation is a powerful lever to promote the transformation of cultural production methods. Throughout human history, every major advancement in science and technology has had an important impact on the way cultural production of that era. Scientific and technological innovation can not only improve cultural communication and influence, but also influence people's way of thinking and lifestyle, and then innovate the content and form of cultural development to promote cultural prosperity and development.
Fully understand the necessity of the integration of culture and technology. Scientific and technological innovation is the strategic support for improving social productivity and overall national strength, and is at the core of the overall development of the country. Promoting the in-depth integration of culture and science and technology will not only help to enrich cultural styles, meet people's diverse cultural needs, build a socialist cultural power, but also help China master the initiative of cultural development and enhance the international influence of Chinese culture; Providing direction guidance, wisdom source and atmosphere guarantee is conducive to the in-depth implementation of innovation-driven development strategy. In recent years, Haidian District has taken advantage of its advantages and seized opportunities, actively promoted the in-depth integration of culture and science and technology, and focused on the development of new industries in the cultural industry with the development of science and technology. During the "Twelfth Five-Year Plan" period, the total income of cultural and creative industries above designated size grew at an average annual rate of 14.6%, much higher than the growth rate of regional GDP during the same period. During the "Thirteenth Five-Year Plan" period, we will continue to exert our efforts in the construction of cultural and scientific ecology based on experience economy, education and learning, industry and manufacturing, and form an industrial layout in which culture and technology are deeply integrated and developed.
Continuously launch new initiatives to promote the integration of culture and technology. To promote the in-depth integration of culture and science and technology, we must adapt to the requirements of the times and continuously innovate policy initiatives. The first is innovative supervision. In-depth study of the development trend of science and technology and the law of the integration of culture and technology, and actively explore scientific and effective supervision methods. For example, the current Internet-based live broadcast, online red and other pan-entertainment culture industries are developing rapidly. How to guide the situation and promote its scientific development requires summarizing the rules and innovating supervision on the basis of in-depth research. The second is to seize the commanding heights of the industry. The integration of culture and technology involves a wide range of developments and new forms of business. It should be targeted and focused on the strategic layout, and promote breakthroughs in common technologies, cultural products production and service technologies, and cultural communication information technologies in the cultural field, and seize the industrial commanding heights. The third is to build an efficient service system. The integration of culture and technology has the characteristics of cross-industry and cross-disciplinary. It depends on the cross-border integration and product innovation of technology enterprises and cultural enterprises based on market mechanism. It also depends on the government departments to build a platform for cross-border communication, sharing and collaboration. Good industrial development ecology. Haidian District takes the improvement of the public digital culture service system as the key point, exerts the innovation drive role of "Internet+", integrates cultural information resources, builds a unified service platform, and optimizes the network service environment, which not only promotes the integration of culture and technology, but also enables the people. The masses enjoy more abundant and convenient public cultural products and services.
(The author is the member of the Standing Committee of the CPC Haidian District Committee and the Minister of Propaganda Department)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170126ed1q00031

##
International
China-US sea related hand-to-hand cross-border sales
1171 words
25 November 2016
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
In recent years, with the rapid development of international trade, trade-related infringement activities have shown an upward trend. In order to maintain a fair and competitive foreign trade order, China Customs cracked down on import and export violations of intellectual property rights, especially with US Customs to further strengthen intellectual property law enforcement cooperation, cut off cross-border sales of infringing products, and promote Sino-US economic and trade relations. Healthy and orderly development.
Small postal package
The reporter learned from the General Administration of Customs that this year, the US Immigration Enforcement Bureau successfully seized a case of selling infringing "NBA" products in the United States in accordance with the clues provided by China Customs .
This clue to cross-border criminal cases was initially an unremarkable parcel at the Shanghai port.
In March, Shanghai Customs intercepted the next abnormal parcel post sent to Missouri, USA. After opening it, it found 100 caps marked with the "NBA" logo. The number of 100 pieces is obviously beyond the reasonable range of self-use, and the work of the ball cap is rough. High risk of infringement.
After comprehensive judgment, Shanghai Customs quickly launched the intellectual property protection law enforcement procedure, and soon the "NBA" trademark rights holders confirmed that these ball caps were infringing products.
Considering that postal parcels are highly likely to be sent to the United States for sale, in order to cut off the cross-border sale chain, Sino-US Customs has carried out cross-border IP enforcement cooperation. China Customs is responsible for collecting the information on the infringing postal parcels, fixing the evidence and providing it to the US; the US side will provide criminals according to the Chinese Customs to provide clues. Through cooperation, it finally succeeded in cracking a criminal case of cross-border sales in the United States.
Two law enforcement actions
The United States is China's second largest trading partner, and Shanghai is one of China's most important trade ports to the United States. After the Sino-US Joint Enforcement Action achieved initial results at the Shanghai Port, Shanghai Customs continued to improve its risk control and coordination.
After the infringement of the ball cap was seized, in May this year, Shanghai Customs seized a batch of counterfeit trademark labels for export to the United States through the risk distribution control. These trademarks are likely to be used for processing infringement after being mailed to the United States. commodity. At present, Shanghai Customs has notified the case to the Shanghai Public Security Bureau Economic Investigation Corps, and the case is in the process of preliminary investigation.
The March enforcement action was jointly carried out by the General Administration of Customs and the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), focusing on investigating the cross-border sales of infringing goods networks between China and the United States. Shanghai and Guangzhou Customs participated in the operation. According to the clues of cases seized by Shanghai Customs, the US has investigated and sold the sales chain in the United States, and one of the cases has entered criminal procedures. The April enforcement action was jointly carried out by the General Administration of Customs and the US Customs and Border Protection (CBP), focusing on the interception of infringing goods at ports of both parties. The scope of enforcement covers all types of infringing goods that are cross-borderly circulated between the two countries.
Joint again next year
As early as 2007, the General Administration of Customs signed the Memorandum of Understanding on Sino-US Customs Intellectual Property Border Enforcement Cooperation with the US Customs and Border Protection (CBP). In order to further deepen cooperation with US Customs, in June 2015, the General Administration of Customs and the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) signed an IPR cooperation cooperation document to establish a deeper law enforcement cooperation relationship. In March and April 2016, China Customs and the US Customs jointly carried out two one-month IPR special enforcement actions to jointly crack down on China-US infringement trade. The two sides seized more than 1,400 cases and detained alleged infringing goods. 2 million pieces.
Yu Bin, deputy director of the Policy and Regulation Department of the General Administration of Customs, said: "In the two joint enforcement actions with US Customs, we conducted a large amount of data analysis and risk analysis, and all participating port customs actively took action measures according to their own law enforcement characteristics. We have achieved more than expected results. We will further strengthen cooperation and plan to jointly carry out two law enforcement actions next year and are formulating specific plans."
Through international law enforcement cooperation in various forms and channels, the international influence of China Customs has been continuously enhanced, and the work done in the enforcement of intellectual property rights has been widely praised. In the 2016 Special 301 Report, the United States gave a positive evaluation of Sino-US customs enforcement cooperation.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020161125ecbp0007o
##

theory
[Introduction] Consolidate the Guiding Position of Marxism and Building a Party
1319 words
27 September 2016
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
 [Exclusive serialization] "Xi Jinping's use of the code"
Jingmin articles for political articles, Li De articles, self-cultivation articles, articles, persuasion articles, Ren Xian articles
The world's articles, honest affairs, faith, articles, innovation, rule of law, dialectical articles
[Learning Selected Works] "Learning Selected Works": G20 Hangzhou Summit is a new starting point for the world
[Learning on the road]
Consolidate the Guiding Position of Marxism and Building a Party
In his speech at the commemoration of the 95th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out: "Marxism is our fundamental guiding ideology for building a party. If we turn away from or abandon Marxism, our party will lose its soul and lose its direction. On the fundamental issue of guiding status, we must be firm and unshakable at any time and in any situation." Although Marxism is the fundamental guiding ideology for the founding of the party, it has been included in the "Party Constitution" and written into the Constitution. However, in recent years, under the influence of the trend of "going to the horse", "non-horse" and "the horse", "Marxist outdated theory", "Marxist useless theory" and "guided thinking pluralism" are rampant, and the status of Marxist guiding ideology is unwarranted. Doubt and negation. In the face of the challenge of shaking the party's own country, it is necessary to make a rational response. ?detailed?
Bringing together industrial and commercial forces to implement the Hangzhou consensus
On September 3, President Xi Jinping delivered a keynote speech entitled "China's New Starting Point for Global Growth" at the opening ceremony of the G20Business Summit in 2016, which comprehensively expounded China's development ideas at the new historical starting point. The trend of the world economy, drawing a new blueprint for global growth, and proposing a Chinese plan to promote the development of the world economy, fully demonstrates China's positive attitude towards global economic governance and the responsibility of responsible big countries. Keynote address from President Xi Jinping has a strong strategic, targeted and forward-looking, widely recognized by the international business community and to respond positively to further enhance the international influence and institutional discourse Chinese business community, in the Group of Twenty history It has branded a profound Chinese imprint. ?detailed?
Adhere to the unity of rich countries and strong military
From the beginning of the revolutionary war era, the beginning of the founding of New China, to the different historical periods of reform and opening up, our party has successively put forward the important thinking of combining military and civilian, military-civilian integration, military integration, and military-civilian integration, and gradually explored an economic construction with Chinese characteristics. The road to coordinated development of national defense construction. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, Comrade Xi Jinping has focused on realizing the dream of strengthening China's dreams, and has put forward a major strategic idea to promote the in-depth development of military-civilian integration, and promoted the integration of military and civilian development as a national strategy, and realized it in the process of building a well-off society in an all-round way. The unity of the rich countries and the strong military further pointed out the direction. ?detailed?
Grasping the Dialectics of Cultivating Core Values
Grasp the dialectic of "one" and "more". To cultivate and promote the core values ??of socialism, we need to establish the core values ??of socialism as the main theme in the field of ideology and culture in the increasingly diversified social reality. The more the diversification process advances, the more it calls for the main theme, which is a common law in the development of Chinese and foreign society. As far as cultivating the core values ??of socialism, on the one hand, its connotation should have clear and dominant definitions and interpretations, that is, to establish "one"; on the other hand, it must enter a multi-dimensional society, and it needs to have A variety of presentation forms and ways of speaking. In the cultivation of the current socialist core values, we must not only make the "one" more precise and thorough, but also make the "multiple" interpretation more exciting. ?detailed?
Promote equalization of basic public services
The basic public service is based on the level of economic and social development in a certain period of time. On the basis of social consensus, the government provides public goods and services to maintain economic and social stability and development, guarantee citizens' basic survival and development rights, and achieve social fairness and justice. . From the gradual realization of the expression of equalization of basic public services, the so-called basic, that is, the public services that every member of society should enjoy under the current level of economic and social development; the so-called public services, that is, these services belong to public goods, and they provide It should be based on the government, with public finances as the mainstay, and attract market participants and social entities to participate in an orderly manner; the so-called gradual equalization, that is, narrowing the gap in basic public services needs to be gradually realized through continuous efforts, embodying the principle of social fairness and justice. ?detailed?
Recommended news:
General Secretary Xi's trip to Qinghai: getting rid of poverty and tackling the hardship, not breaking the Loulan will not return
Xi Jinping talks about green development again: How to take the road of "recycling"?
Xi Jinping: The key to strictly administering the party is to seize the "key minority" of leading cadres.
Xi Jinping said something about "enhanced supervision and discipline accountability"
General Secretary Xi re-mobilized the army reform to give spiritual strength to the strong army
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020160927ec9r00016

##
Media
2016 "Belt and Road" media cooperation forum brings you to read the six major achievements
1566 words
28 July 2016
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
From July 26th to 27th, People's Daily held the 2016 "Belt and Road" media cooperation forum, with 212 foreign mainstream media leaders from 101 countries attending the conference. The forum has been held for three consecutive years and has become the largest global media conference held by the Chinese media, participating in the country's widest, participating media, most representative and influential.
1 Collaboration Network
Resource Sharing
Establish a multilingual global media collaboration network
On the basis of the official website of the forum, the People's Daily will build a multi-lingual "One Belt, One Road" global media collaboration network, and successively launch different language versions in English, French, Arabic, Russian, Spanish, etc., and share the media collaboration resources accumulated in previous conferences in a timely manner. To build an effective platform for information exchange and resource sharing for the participating countries.
In recent years, People's Daily has actively carried out foreign exchanges and international cooperation, and held several large-scale international conferences and media exchange projects such as the "ASEAN and China-Japan-Korea (10+3) Media Cooperation Seminar". At present, People's Daily has signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Bilateral Cooperation with 33 mainstream media in 23 countries, and reached agreements on specific issues such as establishing a manuscript exchange mechanism, co-production of news products, and promoting media technology exchanges, and established an international mainstream media. Resource collaboration network.
2 new alliance
win-win
Formally established the International New Media Alliance
On July 26th, as the information disseminator of the era and the frontier recorder of development, the People's Daily News People's Daily Online, South Africa Times Media Group, South Korea Central Daily, Brazil Red Net, Russian Free Media Website and other 16 global media groups passed the previous period. Seriously explore the role of the Internet media and development opportunities, and decided to establish the "One Belt, One Road" international new media alliance.
The alliance will communicate through the new media platform, enhance multicultural integration, enhance mutual trust and tolerance, and finally establish a mechanism for information sharing and resource sharing among media in various countries. The members will strengthen close cooperation, strengthen the exchange of new technologies, adhere to media innovation, and take advantage of the platform in terms of agenda setting, content exchange and information circulation to enhance the regional and international influence of member media.
3 cloud platform
Interactive translation
Building a news report service cloud platform
The People's Daily has integrated its own translation resources and technical strength to create a multi-language service cloud platform for the "Belt and Road" news report, to achieve full-media communication and to provide interactive translation. It not only provides news report manuscripts, but also provides translation services for manuscripts, breaks down language barriers, truly realizes deep sharing of news information and timely exchange of news products, and realizes multilingual interviews, multilingual creations, and multilingualism under the "Belt and Road" framework. Promotion, multilingual landing.
As of July 1, 2016, the platform has been submitted for nearly a million words. In the next five years, the platform will strive to form and improve the contribution of English, Japanese, Korean, Russian, French and Western languages, and establish a perfect draft center team, cloud translation platform, "Chinese perspective" English website, news translation corpus research services. The platform, the People's Daily external manuscript database and the foreign draft center base are built in five categories.
4 Secretariat
Institutional standing
Establishment of the Media Cooperation Forum Secretariat
The "Belt and Road" media cooperation forum announced that the forum secretariat will be established as a permanent institution of the forum to implement the activities of bilateral and multilateral media cooperation. The secretariat is located in the People's Daily, and will actively promote the regularization, mechanism, and in-depth exchanges and cooperation among all member units.
The Secretariat will facilitate the media coverage of the "Belt and Road" theme, and actively collect relevant authoritative policies, cooperation information, construction ideas and latest achievements on the "Belt and Road" to the media of various countries, and on bilateral and multilateral media. Cooperate to coordinate and provide services.
5 Silk Road
Depth linkage
Will organize multinational cross-border joint interviews
The "Belt and Road" media cooperation forum announced that it will officially launch the "One Belt, One Road" multi-national cross-border joint interview activity in 2016. Focusing on the distinctive theme of the "Belt and Road Initiative", several roads are concurrent, multi-country linkages, across Asia, Europe and Africa, covering a wide range of fields, inviting media and new media from all over the world to participate in a wide range of cross-border joint interviews to achieve "One Belt and One Road" "Initiatives are widely promoted and promoted by mainstream media and new media in countries and regions along the route.
In recent years, the People's Daily has been strengthening cooperation with the mainstream media in the countries along the "Belt and Road". In June this year, witnessed by the heads of state of China and Russia, the People's Daily launched the joint interview of the 2016 Sino-Russian mainstream media border port city. In 2014, People's Daily launched a large-scale international interview with the "Sharing the Silk Road" and conducted joint interviews with 13 foreign media in 10 countries.
6 Literature
Global promotion
Publication of the "Silk Road Huazhang" literature compilation
In order to comprehensively review the important milestones achieved in the construction of the "Belt and Road", the People's Daily will launch the "Silk Road Huazhang - "Belt and Road" Communication and Construction Achievement Report". The report is closely related to the "One Belt, One Road" major concept, which is divided into four volumes: "Planning Layout", "Yuyu Diplomacy", "Communication Matrix" and "Sharing and Co-construction". From President Xi Jinping's series of speeches and visits to the People's Daily series of reports. Previous forums, and then to major projects of government and enterprises, provide important information reference and case study for media communication and government-enterprise cooperation of the "Belt and Road".
The book will be available in English and Chinese bilingual edition in the year 2016, completed during the year 2017 in English, French, Russian, Spanish, Arab United Nations six languages translated and published. The book is intended to be promoted and promoted in countries along the "Belt and Road" and will be promoted to major media in the world.
(Special issue photo: Our reporter Li Weilei, Xu Wei, Liu Long, Shi Jiamin, Zhao Shuyan
Visual Coordinator: Cai Huawei, Zhang Fangman, Li Zilv)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020160728ec7s0003p

##
Technology
China Nuclear Emergency Rescue Team is established to participate in international rescue operations
1125 words
24 May 2016
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
People's Daily Online, Beijing, May 24 (Zhao Zhuqing) The three-time (expansion) meeting of the Fifth National Emergency Accident Coordination Committee was held in Beijing this morning. At the meeting, the China Nuclear Emergency Rescue Team was formally established.
According to reports, the main task of the meeting is to implement the important national security concept put forward by General Secretary Nan Ping, the important concept of China's nuclear safety concept, strengthen the international nuclear safety system, and promote global nuclear safety governance, and sum up the "Twelfth Five-Year Plan" and deployment. The "13th Five-Year Plan" work has continuously raised the national nuclear emergency work to a new level, effectively providing a strong guarantee for nuclear energy development and national security, and making new contributions to building a well-off society in an all-round way and realizing the Chinese dream.
Xu Dazhe, deputy director of the National Nuclear Emergency Coordination Committee, deputy minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and director of the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau, presided over the meeting and delivered a speech. Xu Dazhe emphasized that the national nuclear emergency work should thoroughly implement the overall national security concept of the incumbent General Secretary Ping Ping, China's nuclear security concept, implement the five development concepts of innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing to ensure the safe, efficient, sustainable and healthy development of nuclear energy. Facing the new situation, new challenges and new requirements, nuclear emergency organizations at all levels should raise their ideological understanding, earnestly enhance their sense of mission in doing nuclear emergency work, improve the emergency response system, and continuously improve the overall strength of the national nuclear emergency; strengthen training drills and strive to build high Quality nuclear emergency personnel team; expand cooperation and exchanges, actively promote the establishment of an international nuclear safety emergency response system; implement responsibility at all levels, and jointly assume the sacred duties assigned by the state. We will effectively raise the national nuclear emergency work to a new level, and provide a strong guarantee for the development of nuclear energy and national security in order to promote ecological civilization and build a beautiful China consensus.
Wang Yiren, member of the National Nuclear Emergency Coordination Committee and director of the National Nuclear Emergency Office and deputy director of the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau, made a work report entitled "Adapting to the development of nuclear energy and persisting in constantly improving the national nuclear emergency work to a new level." The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau, the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of Civil Affairs, the Ministry of Environmental Protection, the Joint Staff of the Military Commission, and other members of the Nuclear Emergency Coordination Committee focused on the 13th Five-Year Plan for nuclear emergency. During the "Thirteenth Five-Year Plan" period, the national nuclear emergency work must adhere to overall planning and overall promotion, constantly unremitting, active compatibility, solid foundation, innovative development, focus on the basic principles of actual combat and efficiency, and constantly improve the nuclear emergency legal system and plan system. The organization system, the rescue system, and the technical support system have basically established a national nuclear emergency response system that is suitable for the development of China's nuclear energy industry. At the same time, strengthen nuclear emergency drills and training, expand nuclear emergency public communication and publicity, deepen international cooperation and exchanges in the field of nuclear emergency, and effectively improve the comprehensive capabilities of China's nuclear emergency preparedness and response.
The ceremony of awarding the China Nuclear Emergency Rescue Team and its detachments was held at the meeting. The China Nuclear Emergency Rescue Team is a state-level nuclear emergency rescue team established under the framework of the national nuclear emergency system and based on the existing nuclear emergency forces of the military and nuclear industry. It focuses on the emergency rescue and emergency rescue missions under complex conditions. And can participate in international nuclear emergency rescue operations.
According to reports, during the "Twelfth Five-Year Plan" period, the national nuclear emergency work achieved overall progress and made positive contributions to maintaining social stability and national security. Successfully organized the Fukushima nuclear accident response, completed nuclear emergency preparedness for flood seasons, important periods, and important tasks; issued a new version of the National Nuclear Emergency Plan, formulated and issued nearly 50 regulations, regulatory documents, and system specifications; and established 8 national standards. Nuclear emergency professional technical support center, 25 rescue detachments and 3 training bases; built a nationwide nuclear and radiation emergency monitoring, nuclear emergency medical treatment, earthquake monitoring and other networks; organized the implementation of "Aegis-2015" national nuclear emergency joint exercises The release of China's first nuclear-related white paper "China's Nuclear Emergency" and the launch of the National Nuclear Emergency Publicity Week have created a good atmosphere for nuclear energy development; actively fulfilling the nuclear emergency international obligations, China's nuclear emergency international influence has significantly improved.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020160524ec5o00076

##
military
US Defense Defense Opens Asia-Pacific Forces List Expert: "Preventing Pressure by Pressure" to Contain China
1227 words
16 April 2016
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Data Map: US F-22 Fighter
People's Daily Online, Beijing, April 15 (Reporter Huang Zijuan) US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter will depart Asia Pacific on the 10th and will visit India and the Philippines, followed by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. According to US media reports, before the start of this Asia-Pacific trip, Carter delivered a speech in New York, which counted the United States to further implement the Asia-Pacific rebalancing strategy, and is about to send additional military power to the region. In an interview with CCTV's "Today's Concern", military expert Yin Zhuo said that the US military focus is on the Asia-Pacific region. Because it wants to contain China, its strategic intention is to "change pressure" and exert military pressure and maintain its hegemony in various ways. Mentality.
Carter said that the US military will deploy 365,000 troops in the Asia-Pacific region, as well as the F-22 and F-35 stealth fighters, the P-8 Poseidon anti-submarine patrol aircraft and other state-of-the-art military forces, and will continue to deploy B-2 and B-52 strategic bombers. And the latest surface warship U33 U.S. amphibious assault ship, DDG-1000 destroyer, etc., these cutting-edge weapons will be stationed in the Pacific Fleet. Carter also said that he had just submitted the 2017 defense budget to Congress a few weeks ago and said that we are making major investments in rebalancing, one of which is that the US surface fleet not only increases the number but also increases deterrence, including through mass production of anti-ships. The SM-6 missile enhances the ship's ability to invest $12 billion in the B-21 long-range bomber to ensure air superiority and global reach. Carter also said that the United States will invest 8 billion US dollars next year to ensure that the world's most lethal, most advanced seabed and counter-potentials, including different types of underwater drones.
Before going to Asia, open this list of additional troops. What is the intention of the United States? Military expert Teng Jianqun said that in addition to the DDG-1000 destroyer, the above weapons were designed during the Cold War, like hanging a "pie" to make Asia-Pacific allies happy.
Yin Zhuo believes that there is no doubt that the US military focus is on the Asia-Pacific. Because of the need to contain China, the current situation in the Asia-Pacific region is even more acute. In addition, there is the problem of militarization in the South China Sea. The initiator is the United States. It patrols around us every day and approaches reconnaissance. Its strategic intention is to use pressure to change pressure and exert military pressure in various ways to maintain its hegemonic mentality.
US Defense Secretary Carter began a three-day official visit to India on the 10th, which is the second visit to India by Carter in less than a year. On the 11th, Carter boarded the aircraft carrier "Vikramatia" that India had previously purchased from Russia, and had lunch with the Indian Defense Minister Parikar on the aircraft carrier. After that, the two defense chiefs jointly boarded the flagship of the US Seventh Fleet. "Blue Ridge". Indian media said that the meeting on the "Vikramatia" aircraft carrier and the "Blue Ridge" command ship was a substantive official contact, and the United States gave Carter more hope for this visit. Before leaving, Carter said that in the Indian Ocean and the Asia-Pacific region, India is already a very influential and powerful country. The United States has repeatedly stressed that in the security field, India is beginning to play a leading role in the so-called India-Asia-Pacific region recently proposed by the United States. In addition, Carter's visit will continue to negotiate with India on the signing of a logistics support agreement. The two countries have talked about this agreement for 12 years. Once the US and Indian forces are signed to share military bases and supplies, US warplanes and warships can also use Indian airports and ports when necessary to facilitate US access to the Indian Ocean.
When talking about whether the United States is willing to share aircraft carrier technology with India, Teng Jianqun said that the United States is currently a means of "hanging appetite." India spends a lot of money on the purchase of arms. For large-scale weapons platforms, including aircraft carriers, the so-called self-development is to stimulate national pride. Carter just took a circle on his aircraft carrier through India's vanity mentality, which also released a signal to India. The United States is willing to cooperate with it on advanced technologies including aircraft carriers. However, military cooperation between the United States and India has not been very successful in recent years. India is not a weapon to pursue the United States. For the United States, let Carter board the aircraft carrier independently developed by India. On the one hand, it shows that India has the ability to cooperate with the United States to satisfy its vanity. On the other hand, the United States is willing to provide high-tech similar to electromagnetic ejection, and whether India can accept it. .
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020160416ec4g0001f

##
View
The new theory of the People's Daily: "Connecting China and foreign countries", movies can go ahead
1152 words
2 March 2016
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2016. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
One-day box office was 644 million yuan, and a single-week box office was 3.639 billion yuan... At the beginning of the new year of the Bingshen monkey year, the domestic movie market, which is extremely hot, has repeatedly set a new record. According to statistics, from the first day of the first month to the fifteenth day, the national movie box office reached 5.586 billion yuan, and the number of people watching the movie was about 155 million. The total box office receipts in February exceeded 6 billion yuan. The data of the red fire also gives people more confidence and expectation that the Chinese film industry will carry the Chinese culture out of the heavy responsibility, do the forerunners of "connecting China and foreign countries, communicate the world", tell the Chinese story, and convey the Chinese voice.
The film industry is an important carrier of cultural communication and an important means of mastering cultural discourse rights. Over the past 30 years of reform and opening up, the Chinese film industry has achieved self-development while also competing in the world film market, so that people of all countries can better understand the cultural world of the Chinese. However, there are many shortcomings in the Chinese film market. For example, the narrative means is relatively simple, the relative lack of power, and the lack of international influence. Therefore, to be a pioneer in "connecting China and foreign countries and communicating with the world", we must continue to establish and practice the correct concept of international communication.
To be a pioneer, the film industry should explore ethnic cultural resources, display Chinese elements, innovate traditional cultural expressions, shape and convey a three-dimensional, modern, and developing image of China, and infect and attract people from all over the world with Chinese culture. At the Spring Festival of 2010, the cultural activities of the "Happy Spring Festival" series, a large-scale cultural exchange activity jointly launched by the Ministry of Culture in conjunction with relevant national ministries and commissions, local cultural groups and foreign institutions, impressed the world with Chinese elements. This year, the "Happy Chinese New Year" event was launched in more than 400 cities in 140 countries and regions around the world, with a total of 2,100 projects. When the film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" was released in the United States, the US Foreign Policy magazine commented that "the film gave birth to a rising image of China... shaping the image of China with both kung fu and cultural strength." These successful cases have not only given Chinese films more national self-confidence, but also provided profound inspiration: Chinese films are fully capable and should launch more works that reflect China's outstanding traditional culture, reflect the great achievements of China's reform and opening up, and show the people's high-spiritedness. Play a unique role in "connecting China and foreign countries, communicating the world", better grasp the right of international cultural discourse, and build national soft power.
To bear the burden of the pioneers, the film industry should also take the initiative to "build the soul and build a soul" and actively participate in the competition in the world movie market, not only to win the box office, but also to win the hearts and gain recognition. Opening up the global market and launching international competition is essentially the worldwide spread of Chinese culture. At the national level, the state should support the survival, development and maturity of the local film industry and firmly occupy the rapidly expanding domestic film market. For the film industry, we can learn from the experience of the American film industry represented by "Hollywood", and cultivate a team of local talents who are suitable for the development of China's film industry and have international standards, and create an "Internet +" modern film industry. From the perspective of filmmakers, it is necessary to maintain a high level of artistic standards, to learn from the internationalized film language, to actively appreciate the richness of history and culture and the resources of various real social subjects, and to give a modern understanding and a worldwide perspective. While maintaining its own national characteristics, it is bold and innovative, enriching the artistic expression of Chinese movies. Of course, we should also actively integrate and serve the diplomatic practices of major countries, actively participate in the construction of the national "Belt and Road", attract more international movie audiences, and create the "China Creation" brand in the world film industry.
"The revival of a nation requires a strong material force and a strong spiritual power." The development of Chinese film is an important cultural indicator for measuring the "Chinese Dream" of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and an important element in demonstrating the power of Chinese culture. On the great journey of the "Chinese Dream", the pioneers of "connecting China and foreign countries and communicating with the world" and the Chinese film industry in the endeavor are worth looking forward to.
(The author is an associate professor of the College of Liberal Arts, Changchun University of Science and Technology, and director of the Changchun Film Culture Research Base)
People's Daily (March 02, 2016 05 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020160302ec3200068

##
International
China and Globalization Think Tank released "2015 China's Overseas Chinese Innovative Entrepreneur 50 People"
1561 words
22 December 2015
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
People's Daily Online December 22nd The 17th China International Students Exchange Conference was held in Guangzhou from December 21st to 22nd. As an important part, it was sponsored by the China International Student Entrepreneurship Alliance and the Humanities and Social Security Department China Overseas Student Entrepreneur Expert Steering Committee. The China and Globalization Think Tank (CCG) hosted the "2015 China Overseas Students Innovation and Entrepreneurship Achievement Conference and Overseas Students" The Innovation and Entrepreneurship Seminar was held on the 22nd.
At the press conference, China and Global Think Tank and China International Talent Professional Committee jointly released "2015 Chinese Innovative Entrepreneur 50 People", Jin Liqun, Shi Yigong, Qian Yingyi, Li Daokui, Chen Eleven, Zheng 50 outstanding students such as Yongnian, Li Yanhong, Shen Nanpeng, Wang Shi, Wang Chaoyong, Xu Xiaoping, Mao Daqing, Yang Lan and Lang Lang are on the list. Among the 50 people, there are overseas students who hold important positions in international organizations, as well as post-80s university student village officials, as well as the "Top Ten People of the Year" selected by Nature Magazine, and the youngest thousands of planners. Promoters and practitioners of innovative higher education with international influence, and business elites in the Internet, venture capital, education, medicine, media and other industries. They are the promoters of this era, innovative and forward-looking in their respective industries. They have led or participated in events or careers that have been influential, groundbreaking and innovative in the era of globalization in the past 2015. They are Chinese students studying abroad. Outstanding representatives are the pioneering force in the new era of innovation and entrepreneurship.
With the concept of "mass entrepreneurship and innovation", people are increasingly deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. Various new models, new formats and new industries are emerging, effectively inspiring social vitality and releasing great creativity. As of the end of 2014, the total number of overseas students studying in China reached 3.5814 million, and the total number of returned overseas students reached 1,809,600. After many years of overseas experience, Chinese students have a broad international vision and global network, master advanced scientific and technological knowledge, business models, innovative spirit, full of entrepreneurial enthusiasm, and have inherent comparative advantages in innovation and entrepreneurship. Social development and the promotion of innovation and entrepreneurship have an irreplaceable important role.
Wang Huiyao, director of the China and Globalization Think Tank and vice president of the European and American Alumni Association, said that "2015 Chinese Innovative Entrepreneur 50 People" is based on years of follow-up research on the accumulation of overseas students and the latest situation and research in 2015. Under the call of "mass entrepreneurship and innovation", overseas students at home and abroad have issued the passion and vitality of innovation and entrepreneurship. The vast number of overseas students studying at home and abroad will play their own advantages in promoting the construction of an innovative country, implementing the strategic concept of "One Belt and One Road" and carrying out civil diplomacy, and will embark on a road of entrepreneurship and innovation with unique scenery. "
Attached:
List of 50 Chinese entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs in 2015
(in alphabetical order)
Bai Chunli , CAS president
Cai Chongxin Executive Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alibaba Group
Chen Ou Jumei, founder and CEO
President of Chen Eleven University of Science and Technology
Chairman of Deng Xingwang's Unnamed Prosperous System Crop Design Frontier Laboratory (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
Ding Leiming Founder and Chairman of Zhejiang Beida Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Guo Shengzhi United Recruitment CEO
Huang Jiefu, deputy director of the Central Health Committee
Huang Jun is an associate professor at Zhongshan University
Jin Liqun Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank ( Asian investment bank ) governor-elect
Lang Lang International famous pianist
Li Daokui, Director of the Department of Finance, Tsinghua University, Director of Su Shimin Scholars Program
Li Dongsheng, China Commercial Aircraft Company Shanghai Aircraft Design Research Institute
Li Yanhong Baidu Founder, Chairman and CEO
Liang Jianzhang Chairman and CEO of Ctrip.com
Vice President of Liu Ke Topsoe
Liu Qing pieces company president
?HD, President of the University of Surrey, UK
Lu Ying Ying Chemical Engineering, Zhejiang University, the United Nations Laboratory Distinguished Research Fellow home
Founder of Mao Daqing Youke Factory
Vincent Mo SouFun Holdings chairman
Pan Jianwei, Chief Scientist, Pilot Project of Quantum Science Experiment, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Qian Yingyi, Dean of School of Economics and Management, Tsinghua University
Qin Yufei, Hengshan County, Futianpu Township, Baiyun Village, University Student Village Officer
Rao Yi Senior Research Fellow, Beijing Institute of Life Sciences
Shen Nanpeng Founding and Managing Partner of Sequoia Capital China Fund
Yigong Shi Qinghua University Vice-Chancellor
Tang Minyou, Vice Chairman, Entrepreneurship Foundation for Poverty Alleviation
Tian Suining Chairman of China Broadband Capital Fund
Wang Chaoyong, Chairman of Zhongli International Holdings Co., Ltd.
Wang Shiwan, founder and chairman of the board of directors
Wang Boqing founder of Michaels Data Corporation
Wang Junfeng Chairman of the Management Committee of King & Wood Law Firm
Xu Xiaoping, founder of Zhengge Angel Investment Fund
Xue Lan , Tsinghua University Dean of School of Public Administration
Yan Wang Jia Beijing Venus Information Technology Co., Ltd. , founder and CEO
Founder of Yang Lan Sunshine Media Group
Yang Haoyong, co-founder and CEO of the market
Yi Yi Hong Kong Metro (MTR) China CEO
Zhang Lei, founder of Gaochun Capital Group
Founder and CEO of Zhang Tao Public Comment Network
Zhang University of Pennsylvania Wharton School tenured professor
Zhang Hongli, Vice President, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Jianwei Zhang, Bombardier's Senior Vice President
Zhang Yaqin, President of Baidu Company
Zhang Yichen, CITIC Capital Markets Holdings Limited Director and Chief Executive Officer
Zhao Houlin, Secretary General of the International Telecommunications Union
Zheng Yongnian Director, Institute of East Asian Studies, National University of Singapore
Zhou Chenggang New Oriental Education & Technology (Group) Co., Ltd. President
Chairman of Zhu Min Sai Bole (China) Investment Group.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020151222ebcm0001i

##
International
Foreign media layout to see 9.3 military parade: the most concerned about China's disarmament of 300,000
288 words
4 September 2015
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
People's Daily on September 4th, September 3rd, the 70th anniversary of the victory of the Chinese People's War of Resistance Against Japan and the World Anti-Fascist War was held in Beijing's Tiananmen Square. Thirty foreign heads of state and 19 senior government representatives, as well as 10 international and regional organizations, attended the conference. Nearly 1,000 foreign soldiers from 17 countries including Russia, Egypt and Cuba participated in the military parade.
The commemorative meeting attracted the attention of the media at home and abroad. Many media took pictures, videos and other means to broadcast live events on the day, showing the military parade in various angles, and quoted President Xi Jinping's speech in a large space, highlighting "China adheres to the path of peaceful development." The vast majority of the media have focused on China's reduction of 300,000 military posts.
The media commented that such a grand military parade reflects the improvement of China's overall national strength, demonstrates China's international influence, and demonstrates China's confidence, strength and hope for peace.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020150904eb940002s

##
International
Japan's use of G7 to discredit China is in vain (Wanghailou)
1192 words
10 June 2015
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
June 8, the Group of Seven (G7) summit, the leaders issued a declaration, expressed concern about the tensions in the East China Sea, South China Sea, requires the parties to settle their disputes through peaceful means and to ensure freedom of the world's oceans legitimate use of force or coercion against the taking of intimidation Means and unilateral actions aimed at changing the status quo, such as land reclamation.
Anyone with a discerning eye can see that this is insinuating China.
The G7 is doing this, and behind the scenes is Japan. Japan's use of the multilateral platform of the G-7 to discredit China is premeditated. On the eve of the summit, Japanese public opinion repeatedly revealed that the Abe government is urging the G7 summit to include the China-related issues in the summit declaration. The Foreign Ministers' Meeting of the Group of Seven , held in April, adopted the "Statement on Marine Safety", which contains paragraphs accusing China of unilaterally changing the status quo of the South China Sea.
The Japanese side has three main intentions. First, pulling on other major Western countries to jointly suppress China, relying on the momentum of Western countries to contain China in international public opinion and form a situation of isolated China. Second, it is to be seen by some countries in Southeast Asia, indicating that Japan can support the Philippines and other countries on the international stage in exchange for cooperation between these countries and Japan in the field of diplomatic security. The third is to shift the line of international public opinion. On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II, we will evade historical issues and make the "China threat theory" a shield. It can be said that the Japanese move is in line with the foreign policy adjustment pursued by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe since he took office.
From a deeper and longer period of time, the Japanese move reflects the changes in Japan's mentality toward China and also reflects Japan's anxiety about its strategic position.
In the early 1990s, when China was subjected to sanctions by Western countries, Japan's diplomacy toward China showed a positive side. At that time, the Japanese economy had a huge advantage over China, and it has always been a "Asian representative" in the Western world, including the G7 . Psychologically speaking, Japan has a certain sense of superiority to China in the international arena and has the need for the actual interests of China's economic and trade investment. The older generation of politicians still have a sense of guilt about China on historical issues and are willing to develop constructive relations with China. Relations, so Japan has become a breakthrough for China to break Western sanctions. At that time, Japan used the special status of the G7 to say something good to China and encouraged other Western countries to pursue a policy of engagement with China.
At the same time as China's economic development and overall national strength and national defense strength have improved, Japan's domestic right-wing conservative forces have gradually gained momentum and formed a climate. Japan's negative views on China have increased, and the "China threat theory" has begun to spread. This is largely due to Japan's inability to adapt to a rising China. The superposition of the wrong view of China and the wrong view of history has created an increase in the negative aspects of Japan's relations with China, and the mentality of "helping China" has turned into a "press" of China. In particular, after Abe took office, he imagined that the diplomacy of "looking at the globe" formed a "containment" against China, reflecting a strong anxiety about China.
Abe's wish to insert the China-related issues on the agenda of the G7 has met the "pressure" of China's psychology. But the problem is that Abe's approach has led to the astray of Japanese diplomacy. The content of China's G7 summit statement lacks factual basis, and there is no international justice for China's innuendo, which cannot shake China's will to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity. The introduction of maritime disputes by Japan into the G-7 will only make the situation in the region more complicated, but it will not help solve the problem.
The G7 , known as the "Values ??Community" , has long been internationally influential, and the member states have their own plans for China. There is no and cannot be completely consistent with Japan. Southeast Asian countries will not dance indiscriminately with Japanese drums. On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the war, the international community will still stare at how Abe has passed through history. Japan's actual influence on smearing China will probably disappoint Japan. For the sake of Japan's future and regional peace and stability, it is better for Japan to come up with the "black" China's strength to face history, reconcile with neighboring countries, and contribute to building a community of Asian destiny.
(The author is a special commentator for this newspaper and a special researcher at the China Institute of International Studies)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020150610eb6a000ap

##
China National People's Congress News
World-famous China's rule of law determination and determination (bells)
1159 words
13 March 2015
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
The strength and effect of the rule of law have always been an important criterion for measuring the progress of a country and a society.
In the year of comprehensively advancing the rule of law, the international community pays close attention to the latest developments in the rule of law in China through the "window of the two sessions": The Legislative Law of the People's Republic of China ushered in the first revision in 15 years, and the draft amendment was submitted to the 12th National The National People's Congress will review the three meetings; the promotion of anti-corruption national legislation will be put forward to the National People's Congress's 2015 key work plan; the first Chinese anti-terrorism law that has passed the second instance is ready...
China's "four comprehensive" worlds are of extraordinary significance. Comprehensively deepening reforms, comprehensively administering the country according to law, and comprehensively and strictly administering the party's three major strategic measures, and vigorously promoting China's strategic goal of building a well-off society in an all-round way. From the perspective of the world, China's big head is more robust and its international influence is further enhanced.
Refused to avoid ill-health, refrain from stagnation, and refrain from "reinforcing the people and making the public". China's promotion of the rule of law and the ability to create institutions not only embody the image of the people, but also inject inexhaustible power for sustainable development. Singaporean scholar Zheng Yongnian pointed out that the rule of law in China today is a win-win situation for both the country and society. Kenyan International University scholar Macharya Munane believes that promoting the rule of law will accelerate the process of government governance modernization, and China's international image will also be greatly improved, which will further strengthen the confidence of foreign investment in China. The British "Economist" article saw that China's choice to rule the country in a comprehensive manner is a major measure that has far-reaching significance for China's future development.
To comprehensively promote the rule of law, the overall goal is to build a socialist rule of law system with Chinese characteristics and build a socialist country ruled by law. The world's attention is that China has opened up a unique path of the rule of law in the history of mankind from its own national conditions. The leadership of the Communist Party of China, as the soul of the socialist rule of law with Chinese characteristics, takes the overall situation, coordinates all parties, holds an open attitude, be cautious of the traditional and foreign, discerning the essence and the dross, and clearly understands that China can only go its own way. path of. It can be said that "the law is the whole law", "the law and the time turn to rule, and the rule of the world is good."
China has strengthened communication and cooperation with countries all over the world, and has made the "corrosive international cooperation" of anti-corruption international cooperation more dense. The United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and other countries have made clear statements and are willing to work with China to crack down on transnational corruption crimes. They not only promise not to let the country become a safe haven for corrupt elements and corrupt funds, but also agree to strengthen cooperation with China in the pursuit of case investigations. .
The "Hunting Fox Action" launched overseas last year effectively safeguarded the dignity and social justice of Chinese law. A total of 680 economic crime offenders were successfully captured from 69 countries and regions. Among them, 290 were arrested and 390 were surrendered. China has also completed 11 extradition treaties and negotiations on criminal justice assistance treaties with relevant countries, bringing the total number of these two types of treaties to 91 and achieving "full coverage of all continents". During the APEC Informal Leadership Meeting, the Beijing Anti-Corruption Declaration was issued and the APECAnti-Corruption Law Enforcement Cooperation Network was established. The G20 Leaders' Summit approved the " G20 Anti-Corruption Action Plan 2015-2016 " and joined the "Strengthening Mutual Legal Assistance, Returning Corrupt Assets, and Refusing to Provide Corruption Ports for Corrupt Officials".
"Anti-corruption is always on the road, and international pursuits will never be relaxed." The Chinese Foreign Minister's announcement of the world during the two sessions was noticeable. "China's anti-corruption efforts have been widely concerned and welcomed by people." "The optimistic prospect of governing the country according to law means that the rule of law will escort economic development." The experience of Hong Bopei, the former US Pacific Council President and former US ambassador to China, is quite representative. .
The strength and effect of the rule of law have always been an important criterion for measuring the progress of a country and a society. The firm determination of the rule of law and the determination of the rule of law demonstrated by China today prove to the world from an important aspect that the pace of achieving the goal of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation is stable and solid.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020150313eb3d0008z

##
View
People's Network Review: China-Latin America Cooperation Upgrades "Flying and Flying"
1234 words
9 January 2015
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2015. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Looking back at history, China-Latin America cooperation has a long history. As early as the 1960s, China's Pacific Silk Road to Latin America was officially opened. In the hundreds of years since then, exchanges and cooperation between the two sides have made invaluable contributions to the progress of human society and economic development. As the background of the times changes, the cooperation between the two sides continues to adapt. At present, the accelerated development of economic globalization is irreversible, the interdependence of the global economy is increasing, and the international system and the international order are still in the process of deep adjustment. At the same time, the negative impact of the international financial crisis still exists, and the world economic growth urgently needs to inject new impetus.
In this context, the first ministerial meeting of the China-Latin America Forum was held in Beijing on January 8 and became a new platform for building a comprehensive partnership between China and Latin America. The establishment of this platform not only conforms to the trend of the times of peace, development, cooperation and win-win, but also the inherent needs of the continuous development of the cooperative relationship between the two sides. As Chinese President Xi Jinping said in his speech at the opening ceremony, "China and Latin America go hand in hand and deepen cooperation at the right time." The reasons are mainly reflected in the following three aspects:
First of all, the two sides have solidified the foundation for a comprehensive upgrade. On the political front, mutual understanding and trust have deepened through high-level exchanges and other personnel exchanges between the two sides, and the strategic consensus has been continuously expanded. On the economic front, the economic and trade ties between the two sides have deepened, and mutual trade and investment have hit record highs. In 2013, China-Latin America trade volume reached US$260 billion. China has become the third largest trading partner of Latin America after the United States and the European Union. China's investment in Latin America totals more than US$80 billion, accounting for 13% of China's foreign direct investment. . In terms of culture and science and technology, China has signed cultural agreements with 19 Latin American countries and established scientific and technological exchanges and cooperation with more than 20 Latin American countries. The mutual cooperation has flourished and the friendship between the people has deepened. This has not only effectively promoted the sound development of China-Latin America relations, but also laid a solid foundation for the comprehensive upgrade of bilateral cooperation.
Second, the two sides have the driving force for a comprehensive upgrade of cooperation. The comprehensive upgrade of China-Latin America cooperation can achieve the common interests of both parties and meet their respective needs. At present, China and Latin American countries have realistic requirements for promoting economic development. Since 2010, the economic growth of China and Latin American countries has continued to slow down. The International Monetary Fund estimates that China's economic growth rate in Latin America and the Caribbean in 2014 was 7.4% and 1.3%, respectively, down 3 and 4.7 percentage points from 2010. Moreover, for the Latin American countries and China in the growth stage, because the domestic economic system is still fragile and the economic policies and systems are still not perfect, they are more susceptible to the impact and impact of the external economy. In order to cope with the challenges and risks brought about by globalization, the deepening cooperation between China and Latin America can form a stronger synergy to deal with global issues, so as to better safeguard their own interests. In addition, the two sides have a common demand to promote global governance in a more fair and reasonable direction.
Finally, the two sides face new opportunities for a comprehensive upgrade of cooperation. On the one hand, the Chinese economy entering the new normal will maintain medium-to-high-speed growth for some time to come, which will provide more market opportunities, growth opportunities, investment opportunities and cooperation opportunities for countries around the world including Latin American countries. It is estimated that in the next five years, China will import more than 10 trillion US dollars of goods, foreign investment of more than 500 billion US dollars, and outbound tourism will exceed 500 million. Based on these opportunities, China proposes that in the next 10 years, the trade volume between China and Latin America will reach 500 billion US dollars, and China's direct investment stock in Latin America will reach 250 billion US dollars. On the other hand, Latin America and the Caribbean are rich in resources, with excellent development conditions, increasing overall strength and international influence, and the continuous release of development potential, providing a broad market for China to build an open economy.
The new platform, new starting point and new opportunities have opened a new chapter in China-Latin America comprehensive partnership. This is in line with the common interests of the Chinese and Latin American people. It also sends a positive signal to the world to deepen cooperation and develop together, which is beneficial to Asia and Latin America. Peace and development in the two major regions of the Caribbean and the world. I hope that China and Latin America will cooperate closely and fly high!
(The author is the deputy director of the International Political Economy Research Office of the Institute of World Economics and Politics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020150109eb190000l

##
theory
Contribute wisdom to improve China's international influence
330 words
16 October 2014
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2014. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
The Symposium on Collaborative Innovation Theory of China's Regional Country Research System, hosted by Shanghai International Studies University, was held recently in Shanghai. The theme of the conference was "Chinese Characteristics, Time Characteristics and Strategic Significance of Regional Country Studies."
Participants pointed out that the fundamental purpose of regional country studies is to serve national interests, and the basic function is to promote cultural exchanges. The face of economic globalization, the development of China as a large country, we must first have a full understanding and knowledge of the outside world. Regional country research is to systematically collect the information of the region or country under study for a long time, and conduct in-depth and detailed analysis of its economic, political, social, historical and cultural aspects, clearly grasp the overall characteristics of the region or country under study, and then predict its Future developments. To promote and strengthen regional country research, we must continuously enhance the sense of mission and responsibility for serving the overall situation of the country, and strive to provide intellectual support for the country to formulate development strategies and policies, and to enhance China's international influence, economic competitiveness, and image. Improve affinity and culturally enhance communication and contribute wisdom.
People's Daily (October 16, 2014, 07 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020141016eaag0004b

##
Finance
In 2020, a modern shipping system with international competitiveness will be basically established (at the press conference of the State New Office)
937 words
4 September 2014
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2014. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Source: National News Office Press Conference: Li Zi, reading this newspaper, Beijing, September 3 (Reporter Bao Dan) Recently, the State Council issued the "Several Opinions on Promoting the Healthy Development of the Maritime Industry" (hereinafter referred to as "Opinions"), deployment promotion The maritime industry develops healthily and accelerates the construction of a maritime power. State Council Information OfficeToday, a press conference was held. He Jianzhong, member of the Party Group and Vice Minister of the Ministry of Transport, introduced the "Opinions" at the meeting. This is the first time since the founding of New China, the strategic objectives and main tasks of comprehensive and systematic development of maritime development. In particular, the current maritime development is affected by the international financial crisis, and the maritime industry is in a serious situation. "The State Council has issued this document to boost confidence, strengthen cohesion, deepen the reform of shipping companies, and promote the transformation and upgrading of enterprises. It should be said that they are of great significance. And guiding role." He Jianzhong said. According to the "Opinions", the goal of China's maritime industry development is to basically build a safe, convenient, economic, green, and efficient international shipping system with international competitiveness by 2020; improve the corporate governance structure of shipping companies, and form a strong international competition. The brand's shipping companies, port construction and operators, and the main body of global logistics; through the optimization of the transportation structure and the adjustment of the transportation structure, establish a strong shipping fleet of key materials, and build an international shipping center with international influence; Relevant supporting policies and regulations for industry development, foster and enhance core competitiveness, and promote enterprises to further implement the strategy of "going out". In order to ensure the realization of the target, the state will improve the transportation security mechanism, play the supporting role of fiscal and taxation policies, strengthen and improve the management of the shipping industry, increase investment in scientific research, accelerate the construction of information platforms, and strengthen the training of shipping personnel. The "Opinions" proposes to deepen the reform of state-owned shipping enterprises and actively develop mixed-ownership maritime enterprises that have cross-shareholdings such as state-owned capital and private capital. We will steadily promote opening up to the outside world, and under the premise of risk control, we will conduct pilot projects in the China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone to establish wholly foreign-owned ship management companies and joint venture shipping companies. He Jianzhong believes that compared with developed countries, China's maritime industry mainly has three gaps: First, China's maritime service industry service trade has been in a deficit for a long time, especially the high-end service industry is weak. Second, the fleet of five-star red flag is small, at a total of 1. Among the 4.2 billion deadweight tons, there are actually some Chinese-funded flagship vessels. The capacity structure, specialized fleet and technical level need to be optimized and improved. Third, the overall share of China's shipping companies carrying China's import and export cargo volume is low, currently accounting for 1/4 of the total import and export goods, and the overall ability to ensure China's economic security is not enough. The cycle of the maritime industry's low valley is relatively long. He Jianzhong believes that this is related to the cyclical law of maritime transport and the impact of the cyclical downturn of the world economy, as well as the problems existing in China's maritime market. The Ministry of Transport has put forward specific measures to deal with it, and will work with relevant state ministries and commissions to guide the old transport vessels and single-hull tankers to be scrapped and renewed in advance. At the same time, it also strengthens market supervision to prevent vicious competition behavior; reduces administrative examination and approval matters, and reduces the burden on enterprises.
People's Daily (September 04, 2014, 04 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020140904ea940005t

##
culture
Beijing takes the platform to help enterprises to build the brand: culture goes out and leaves the road
1278 words
1 July 2014
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2014. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
On the stage, the amount of powder is applied, and the Beijing-style Jingyun is sent; the audience is blond, and a South American style. In October last year, the Beijing Peking Opera Theatre took the Beijing Opera classic "Lock Lin Po" to land in Brazil, 12 performances, the venue was full. In order to solve the language problem, the performer not only provides the local language to synchronize subtitles, but also invites famous local storytellers to introduce the plot and the appreciation of Peking Opera art. The Brazilian audience who had seen the performance said with excitement: "I used to know that China's Peking Opera is very famous. I can't think of this art as such beauty. From this we have experienced the unique charm of Chinese art."
The success of the Beijing-Beijing Theatre South American tour is undoubtedly a successful case of Chinese culture going out. In recent years, Beijing has established a national function based on the national cultural center and international exchange center, continuously expanding its international vision, deepening cultural exchanges, promoting cultural trade, and opening up new paths and expanding new space in cultural development.
Under the leadership of the Beijing Cultural Reform and Development Leading Group, Beijing has established a cultural exchange and cultural trade promotion mechanism led by the Propaganda Department of the Municipal Party Committee, including the departments of business, customs, finance, taxation and culture. At the same time, it introduced measures to promote the export of cultural products and services, and increased support from fiscal and tax incentives, service guarantees, and trading platforms. Since 2006, the city has accepted more than 2,600 batches of foreign cultural exchange projects and nearly 50,000 people.
With some important international exhibitions, Beijing has brought culture out into the important content of the opening up of the capital economy, making it a major feature of Beijing's international exchanges. The Beijing Cultural Fair has been held for 8 consecutive sessions, and the total amount of cultural trade contracts has reached 484.5 billion yuan. Last year, the Beijing International Book Festival signed more than 2,000 copyright export and cooperative publishing agreements. The transaction volume of the Beijing International Film Festival this year broke through 10 billion yuan. Beijing also took the opportunity of holding an APEC meeting and bidding for the 2022 Winter Olympics to plan a new way to promote Chinese culture.
"The key to cultural development is that enterprises go out, Beijing does not ask for everything, but seeks to use it, and supports cultural enterprises to go out in different ways," said Li Wei, member of the Standing Committee of Beijing Municipal Committee and Minister of Propaganda. With the strong support of Beijing, last year, the Chinese Acrobatic Troupe and the American Lingling Circus cooperated in depth, not only to include the Golden Clown Award, "Qiahua Dan", "Saint" and the Earth Circle, into a fixed performance program, signed 800 games, and cooperated with them. The first Chinese show of the row, Panda! It has also become a perennial resident performance in Las Vegas. Since 2013, it has performed more than 100 performances, which has caused enthusiastic response overseas.
The Sida era is a private enterprise that operates digital TV. Beijing supports the four-day era of African service from the aspects of program content and brand promotion. Up to now, the Sada era has opened 19 channels in 7 languages, and has carried out digital TV operations in 12 countries, and has developed more than 4 million users. From a single equipment provider, it has successfully transformed into network operation, content provision, and integrated broadcast control. Integral integrated service provider. In addition, Beijing Tianchuang Performing Arts Group successfully acquired the Branson White House Theatre, Beijing Publishing Group and the famous European publishing company Mel Dumont to carry out strategic cooperation... With the support of Beijing, a large number of cultural enterprises have gone out in different ways. .
As a cultural center of the country, Beijing is a gathering of cultural institutions, cultural talents and cultural talents. Beijing makes full use of this advantage, carefully planning and branding, and actively enters the international mainstream market. Last year, Beijing and the General Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television held "Beijing Film and Television Day" and Feng Xiaogang's "Handprint Ceremony" in Los Angeles, and staged 7 films, which set off a Chinese style. Well-organized and compiled "This is Beijing", "World Collection", "Look at China" and other brand columns, caused a good response after the broadcast on the overseas network. A number of performance groups, such as the Chinese Acrobatic Troupe and the Beijing Peking Opera Theatre, have launched their brands internationally with high-quality programs.
Going out of culture is a difficult and complicated system project. "Only government-led and non-governmental participation, cultural exchange and cultural trade integration, channel construction and content enhancement and integration, and efforts to explore cultural resources advantages, can enhance cultural soft power." Li Wei said.
With the support of various policies, the amount of cultural trade in Beijing increased from 1.265 billion U.S. dollars in 2006 to 3.533 billion U.S. dollars last year, an average annual increase of 15.8%. The export of animation games, the export of books and the export of movies are among the highest in the country. The number of key enterprises and projects of national cultural exports ranks first in the country, and a number of export-oriented cultural enterprises with international influence have taken shape.
People's Daily (July 01, 2014, 14th edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020140701ea710008h

##
comment
The "mad dog" that breaks the chain is not going to make the world peaceful.
1065 words
2 July 2014
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2014. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
On the afternoon of July 1, the Japanese government convened a temporary cabinet meeting and passed a cabinet resolution to amend the constitutional interpretation and lift the ban on collective self-defense. This means that Japan's post-war security policy with special defense will undergo major changes. (Xinhuanet, Tokyo, July 1st)
The prohibition of exercising the "collective self-defense power" is a major policy choice made by Japan after the war under the "Peace Constitution" principle and based on domestic and international situations. It is also a specific national policy that constitutes its "defense and defense" policy for more than half a century. Elements. Today, Japan's formal lifting of the right to collective self-defense means that Japan can conduct military alliances and conduct armed intervention in other countries. However, the author believes that Japan's lifting of the collective self-defense right may be like a wild dog that breaks the chain and is even more madly harmful to humanity.
As is known to all, during the Second World War, Japanese militarism was difficult to blame on the heinous crimes committed by China, the people of Asia, the United Kingdom and the United States. In particular, after the "July 7" Incident was created in 1937, China was fully invaded, and wherever it went, life was ruined. In particular, the horrendous Nanjing Massacre killed more than 300,000 Chinese. However, until today, Japan is still strongly denying the crime of aggression that year. In particular, since Shinzo Abe came to power, he has pushed Japan's politics to the right, visited the Yasukuni Shrine, revised textbooks, and tried every means to reverse the history of Japan's aggression. Under the banner of "positive pacifism", in order to restore the "normal state" as a cover, look for various excuses to break through the peaceful constitutional restrictions and lift the ban on collective self-defense. At the same time, the Sino-Japanese island war, the Korean-Japanese island dispute will be pushed to the extreme, and the pursuit of the Russian South Kuril Islands will be strengthened, and the neighbors will be disturbed. What he did made people really see the resurrection of the ghost of Japanese militarism.
Japan's lifting of the right to collective self-defense will, as Abe said, want to become a "state that actively contributes to world peace and stability". I think that is all blind, and its real intention is to pave the way for the legalization of Japanese military, in order to expand outward. Anyone with a discerning eye can see that the lifting of the right to collective self-defense can enhance Japan's position and role in the Japan-US alliance, enhance its international influence, create conditions for its political and military status, and enable Japan to participate unrestrictedly in the US military. Combat operations, enhance the ability to intervene in regional and global military affairs; enable Japan to not only conduct a minimum of self-defense wars, but also to launch attacks overseas against third parties that have not attacked Japan. Imagine that Japan's ambition is bound to break the strategic balance and stability of East Asia and have a great impact on regional order. It is very likely to bring new harm to Asian countries.
Therefore, we must remain vigilant against Japan's right to lift the ban on collective self-defense, and not be deceived by Abe's lies. learn from past experience. We must never forget Japan's heinous crimes against humanity and the world. Never underestimate the ambitions and treacherousness of Japanese militarism, and never overestimate the morality and sincerity of the Japanese, and must not sit back and watch the resurrection of Japanese militarism. . Instead, we should use all possible means to stop the recurrence of the tragedy of World War II. For example, strengthen economic sanctions against Japan. The economy is the foundation of Japan, the life of Abe, and a rejuvenating medicine for the resurrection of militarism. Only by smashing Abe's economic dream can we smash Abe's militaristic dream; unite East Asia and Southeast Asian countries, isolate Japan from diplomatic terms, and crush the dream of the resurrection of Japanese militarism; use all kinds of international platforms and propaganda methods to call on all peace-loving worlds. The country and the people unite to jointly contain Japanese militarism. In this way, Japanese militarism can be eliminated in the bud, thus effectively safeguarding and promoting world peace.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020140702ea7200089

##
Finance
RMB accelerates towards international hard currency (market observation)
1444 words
11 April 2014
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2014. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
The process of RMB internationalization is unstoppable. In recent years, it has not only made rapid progress in international settlement, pricing, and investment. Today, it is among the ranks of global reserve currencies. According to foreign media reports, at least 40 central banks around the world have invested in the renminbi, and more central banks are also prepared to do so. The renminbi may become a de facto reserve currency before full convertibility. Or the three major reserve currencies, the US dollar, has been the world's widely held reserve currency. However, its dominant domineering has become increasingly criticized by other countries. Some countries have begun to cut their dollar holdings and turn to diversified reserve currencies. According to data from the International Monetary Fund , it ended as of 2013. The US dollar accounts for nearly 33% of global foreign exchange reserves, compared to 55% in 2000. The proportion of "other currencies" in the reserves of emerging market countries has increased by nearly 400% compared to 2003, and the growth rate of this category of currencies in developed countries is also 200%. With the continued development of the Chinese economy, the figure of the RMB has become clearer in the "other currencies" that have sprung up everywhere. According to reports, between November and December last year, the global use of the renminbi increased by 15%. At present, some countries in Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe, Latin America and Africa have already considered or are considering the RMB as the official reserve currency. Experts pointed out that China is a world economic and trade power, and its foreign exchange reserves and potential market size (population) rank first in the world and also in global economic growth. One of the fastest countries. At present, China's ongoing economic restructuring has brought opportunities to the internal and external environment. In this context, China has some favorable conditions for becoming a reserve currency. Beijing UniversityLin Yifu, a professor at the National Development Research Institute and vice chairman of the National Federation of Industry and Commerce, expects that by 2020-2030, there may be three major reserve currencies in the world. One is that the US dollar continues to maintain its status as an international reserve currency, and the other is the euro. In addition, the renminbi may Become one of the international reserve currencies. There are also some small reserve currencies like the Japanese Yen, Swiss Franc, and British Pound. Experts who have become a reserve currency have pointed out that becoming a reserve currency will help to establish a good channel for capital circulation, reduce the pressure on large foreign reserves and import inflation, and exert greater autonomy in global financial markets. "The renminbi becomes an international reserve currency that can stabilize the currency. It can avoid risks and reduce transaction costs when using renminbi pricing and settlement. It is good for enhancing the international influence of the Chinese economy." Sun Huaxi, deputy dean of Jinan University International Business School, told this reporter. Say. The international reserve currency that leapt to the world stage will also bear greater responsibilities and risks. Sun Huaxuan believes that if the renminbi becomes an international reserve currency, China's monetary policy will become a global policy, which means that China's economic policy will be affected by more factors in its implementation. Lin Yifu also expressed concern. "In fact, as an international reserve currency, it is very glorious, but it has to pay a considerable price in the economy. So in the near future or in the long run, we must start thinking about better alternatives." Lin Yifu analysis, First, a national sovereign currency as an international reserve currency, the contradiction between its own interests and global interests is potential, and as a major reserve currency, there is basically no constraint on the country's monetary policy, any unconstrained Arrangements may not be the best arrangement. This is a long-term potential problem. Second, even if the RMB becomes one of the major international reserve currencies in 2030, the entire international reserve currency situation is likely to be more unstable than it is now. Since it is more unstable than it is now, when it is going to be the main international reserve currency, the capital account should be completely open, and the funds can be completely freely flowing, there will always be problems with international speculation. When a large amount of liquidity flows into the country, it will cause a real estate bubble. The stock market bubble, the sharp appreciation of the currency, and the impact of exports. There are still many "homework" to do "many central banks intend to use the renminbi as an international reserve currency, which shows that they have confidence in the Chinese economy and the Chinese government. In the long run, the renminbi is promising as an international reserve currency, but there will be twists and turns during the period. And difficulties." Sun Huaxuan said. Lin Yifu believes that the US dollar is still the main trade settlement currency in the world, accounting for about 60%-70%. China accounts for less than 5% of the international total. He said that the renminbi as an international reserve currency or trade knot The calculation of the currency has indeed begun. But instead of the dollar, the gap is still very large. To fill this gap, China still needs to do a lot of "homework." Sun Huaxuan said: First of all, to push the internationalization of the renminbi, it is necessary to keep the renminbi relatively stable, and it must not be much promoted, otherwise it will cause panic. But to control exchange rate fluctuations, there will be pressure from the international community. Second, continue to open to the outside world, let the public understand the benefits of opening up to China's economic restructuring and enhance its international influence. Economic and political decisions must be aligned with the international community and increase policy transparency. Finally, the capital account should be open. However, in the short term, we cannot rush to advance because the Chinese financial system is not perfect enough and needs to be cautious.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020140411ea4b000gb
##
Intellectual property
Artificial Intelligence, China's new innovation label (international theory)
2211 words
25 September 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Xinhua News Agency reporter Fang Weishe
A few days ago, the 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference kicked off in Shanghai. This conference attracted the attention of domestic and foreign industries such as Google, Microsoft , Baidu, Ali, Tencent, Huawei, and Keda Xunfei. Business attendance. Foreign media reported that the 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference is the largest, largest and most influential event in the field of artificial intelligence.
Artificial intelligence is becoming a new label for China's technological innovation. Recently, a number of foreign media have been competing to report on China's latest developments in the field of artificial intelligence.
Widespread application
The picture of the "Little Orange Man" robot of a logistics company in China was transferred to a foreign social network and quickly became popular. The number of hits exceeded 10 million in two days, and it caused the British Daily Mail. Dozens of media reports from overseas.
According to the report, 330 small robots with a "cute" image can complete 18,000 sorting tasks per hour. Moreover, the "Little Orange Man" has a low sorting error rate and high efficiency, which can reduce manual work by 70%.
Why is China's "Little Orange Man" able to blow up foreign friends? The Economist feels that the international community has underestimated the degree of artificial intelligence in various industries in China.
According to the "Nikkei Business News" article, the number of convenience stores in China has exceeded 100,000, which is twice that of Japan. The unmanned shops using artificial intelligence and face recognition technology are highly competitive. "Nobody" and "Artificial Intelligence" have won the support of many investment funds for the emerging chain industry. With the financial strength, unmanned convenience stores are rapidly emerging in China.
The New York Times reported that in the field of consumer Internet, seven companies in China and the United States - Google, Facebook , Microsoft , Amazon, Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent, have used artificial intelligence extensively in their existing products and services. Technology, and is rapidly expanding its operational footprint to a global scale, occupying a larger share of the artificial intelligence market. From the current situation, the United States seems to occupy the market of developed countries and some developing countries, and China has undoubtedly won the market of most developing countries.
American futurist Amy Weber wrote that AI is not just another technology trend. Within 10 years, all technologies from day-to-day business to genome coding will be deeply integrated with AI in some way. China is expected to be its undisputed global leader and inject vitality into the future technology ecosystem, which will affect every business.
According to a report issued by Accenture Consulting called "Artificial Intelligence: Helping China's Economic Growth," by 2035, artificial intelligence is expected to increase China's annual economic growth rate from 6.3% to 7.9%, including manufacturing, agriculture, forestry, fisheries, wholesale and The retail industry will be the three industries that have benefited the most from artificial intelligence applications.
Transformation and upgrading coincides with the time
"An unexpected result of the US launching a trade war: helping China improve its competitiveness." The US "Wall Street Journal" used this as a topic to describe the example of a lighting company in Shenzhen, China that uses robots to save costs and upgrades to high-end products. Friction has forced China's economic transformation and upgrading.
According to the American Cable Magazine, governments around the world are eager to support the innovation of artificial intelligence, but no country has released system planning like China, and has the ability to complete tasks. The Chinese not only have a strategy, but also large-scale, ambitious projects. The "One Belt, One Road" infrastructure project is reshaping most of the world, and its "large-scale entrepreneurship and innovation" policy has allocated $320 billion to support Chinese companies, using technology and innovation to drive the industrial economy to the service economy. Structural transformation provides support.
The British "Economist" weekly reported that to understand why China is so prominent in the field of artificial intelligence, you need to consider the input of artificial intelligence. From the two most basic elements of computing power and capital, China has abundant resources. From technology giants such as Alibaba and Tencent, to startups such as HY Markets Digital Finance and Ucloud, Chinese companies are building data centers as fast as possible.
"German Voice" quoted Paul Shahr, a senior researcher at the New American Security Center (CNAS) in Washington, DC, as saying that commercial enterprises are one of the main factors driving the field of artificial intelligence in China. "China has many top artificial intelligence companies, such as Alibaba, Baidu and Tencent, who have a growing entrepreneurial culture and actively increase human capital through STEM education."
According to data released by CB Insights, a US venture capital research organization, global artificial intelligence startups achieved a record $15.2 billion in financing in 2017, with Chinese companies accounting for 48% of the total, ranking first in the world.
The "Nikkei Business News" website reported that the enthusiasm for artificial intelligence research in China's scientific research field is high, and the research results are fruitful. In 2018, the American Association of Artificial Intelligence Annual Conference submitted more than 3,800 papers, and the pulling effect was from Chinese papers, an increase of 57% over the previous year. At the same time, about 60% of research projects that allow posters to be displayed involve Chinese researchers.
According to the British "Financial Times" website, McKinsey chairman and global president Bao Damin believes that China has great potential in the field of artificial intelligence, one of the most fundamental reasons is that there are a lot of live data. He said that with the advancement of computing technology and the development of mobile Internet, more data is being collected, and artificial intelligence is changing from concept to applicable reality.
Japan's "Yomiuri Shimbun" article said that China's artificial intelligence field has risen rapidly due to its rich research budget, outstanding talents in related fields and big data.
Grasp the opportunity
"The development of artificial intelligence in China has attracted the attention of the world and brought new development opportunities to international companies." This is the resonance of some participants in the 2018 World Artificial Intelligence Conference (WAIC).
According to PwC's recent forecast, by 2030, artificial intelligence will increase global GDP by $15.7 trillion, with China's total revenue of $7 trillion. In 2017, China accounted for 48% of the total amount of artificial intelligence startup funds in the world.
The Spanish newspaper "National News" published an article saying that China is experiencing a true artificial intelligence revolution. Chinese national leaders have made it clear that artificial intelligence is the national strategic focus. According to the development plan of the new generation artificial intelligence technology released by the Chinese government in July this year: By 2020, the overall technology and application of artificial intelligence in China will be synchronized with the world advanced level; by 2030, it will become the world's major artificial intelligence innovation center.
The latest issue of the British "Economist" magazine predicts that due to the talent and data advantages, coupled with the large investment of startups and BAT and the strong support of the government, China may gradually catch up with the United States in the field of artificial intelligence.
According to reports, China has the world's largest online payment market and is exporting equipment to the world. China has the world's fastest supercomputer and is building the world's largest quantum computing research center, developing the Beidou satellite navigation system. In 2020, it will challenge the United States' Global Positioning System (GPS), which provides strong support for the development of China's artificial intelligence industry.
According to the Forbes website, Tencent, one of China's largest Internet companies, put forward the slogan "Artificial Intelligence is everywhere". As one of the four companies that the Ministry of Science and Technology of China has decided to develop the next generation of artificial intelligence technology, Tencent is advancing new technology investment and research and development. Tencent is China's promoter of the world's leader in artificial intelligence. As artificial intelligence is expected to change various industries, Tencent's investment in artificial intelligence will also increase.
Reuters quoted Jiang Feng, general manager of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, as saying that the next step will support the listed artificial intelligence companies to strengthen and expand through mergers and acquisitions, restructuring, and shareholding, and cultivate a number of innovations with global influence. enterprise.
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180925ee9p00005

##
IT
Artificial intelligence and pragmatic development is the right way
2502 words
6 August 2018
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2018. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Recently, the China Artificial Intelligence Conference hosted by the China Artificial Intelligence Society was held in Shenzhen, using this high-end cutting-edge communication platform that closely combines production, learning and research in the field of artificial intelligence, focusing on current hot topics such as key core technology development, scholars and industry professionals. Fully explored.
The development of artificial intelligence enters a new stage and will become a new generation technology engine to promote future development.
"In my opinion, if the machine is originally a substitute for human strength, then in the era of artificial intelligence, machines can be used to replace human intelligence and help people make judgments and decisions." Academician Pu Muming, director of the Institute of Neuroscience of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
In the past decade, the mobile Internet has flourished, changing all aspects of people's work and life. Artificial intelligence is considered to be a new generation technology engine that will promote economic and social development in the future.
At present, the development of artificial intelligence has entered a new stage. Experts said that after more than 60 years of evolution, especially in the mobile Internet, big data, supercomputing, sensor network, brain science and other new theoretical and new technologies and the strong demand for economic and social development, artificial intelligence accelerates development and presents New features such as deep learning, cross-border integration, human-machine collaboration, open-group intelligence, and self-management are emerging, and chain-breaking is being triggered, driving the economic and social fields from digitalization, networking, and intelligence to accelerate.
From a technical perspective, artificial intelligence is the product of the combination of software and hardware. Wang Haifeng, senior vice president of Baidu, said that the real artificial intelligence system involves voice, image, semantics, knowledge, underlying big data processing, etc. It is actually a comprehensive application of multiple technologies. The brain-like intelligence inspired by the results of brain science research is ready to go, and the trend of chip-based hardware platformization is more obvious. This is also an important feature of the development of artificial intelligence into a new stage.
"Artificial intelligence must be integrated into the development of the industry in order to truly realize the benefits." He Zhiqiang, president of Lenovo Venture Capital Group, believes that the combination and application of artificial intelligence with various fields will bring about an increase in the benefits of the whole industry.
There is a transparent protective glass on the screen of each mobile phone, and the workers detect that these glasses have a relatively large loss of vision. An artificial intelligence technology company uses large-scale laser instrument detection technology to generate a data set that relies on "machine learning" (a self-learning method of artificial intelligence) to make judgments. Machines are used to detect glass sheets, both in terms of efficiency and accuracy. Improvement, the overall efficiency has increased by 20 times.
The accelerating accumulation of technical capabilities combined with massive data resources, huge application requirements, and open market environment has formed a unique advantage in the development of artificial intelligence in China. According to statistics, as of last year, China has made important progress in the field of artificial intelligence. The number of relevant international scientific papers and invention patents has been ranked second in the world, and key core technologies in some fields have achieved important breakthroughs. Speech recognition and visual recognition technology are leading in the industry. Chinese information processing, intelligent monitoring, biometrics, industrial robots, service robots, and driverless are gradually entering practical applications. Artificial intelligence innovation and entrepreneurship are increasingly active, and a number of leading backbone enterprises are accelerating their growth. It has gained wide attention and recognition internationally.
Regardless of technological development or industrialization, the development of artificial intelligence is still at the primary level.
However, from the perspective of technological development and industrialization, the development of artificial intelligence in China and the world is still at the primary level.
Some experts believe that artificial intelligence is somewhat deified. It may exceed human capabilities in specific applications and specific scenarios, but it is still unknown to fully meet or exceed human intelligence.
Currently all artificial intelligence systems are almost exclusively dedicated artificial intelligence systems, not general artificial intelligence. Even with the special artificial intelligence system of speech recognition technology that has made great breakthroughs, there are still many problems that have not been solved. For example, a group of people a few meters away is chatting, and people will selectively hear only the voices of the people they care about, and will naturally "screen" other people's voices. But for the machine, it still can't solve the problem that seems so easy.
Talking about the development prospects of artificial intelligence in China, some academicians admit that foreign academic and business peers sincerely praise China's artificial intelligence application and business prospects in the forefront of the world, but the key technologies of artificial intelligence frontier, such as the next artificial intelligence basic algorithm. Whether the breakthrough will be in China, they are not optimistic.
In fact, China has a clear understanding of this. The "New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan" issued by China last year pointed out that the overall development level of artificial intelligence in China still has a gap compared with developed countries, lacking major original results, in basic theory, The core algorithms and key equipment, high-end chips, major products and systems, basic materials, components, software and interfaces are quite different; scientific research institutions and enterprises have not yet formed an internationally influential ecosystem and industrial chain, lacking systematic advancement. R & D layout; artificial intelligence cutting-edge talents are far from meeting the needs; infrastructure, policies and regulations, and standards systems that are suitable for the development of artificial intelligence need to be improved.
Some insiders said that there is a certain impetuous phenomenon in the field of artificial intelligence entrepreneurship. Some young people have dared to open a company after learning the artificial intelligence course for three months. This objectively has the shortage of artificial intelligence talents. However, the phenomenon of the blooming of such startup companies is likely to form a low-level development bubble, waste manpower and social resources, and further lead to the reluctance of young people to go deep into technology.
"The New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan proposes to become the world's leading artificial intelligence innovation center in 2030. To achieve this goal, the biggest shortcoming to be solved is the breakthrough of original innovation capability including theory and method." Director of Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences, China Xu Bo, dean of the Institute of Artificial Intelligence at the University of Science and Technology, said that from a technical perspective, most of the domestic high-tech companies have not carried out basic research like foreign technology companies to build an ecological chain from basic research to chip to application.
Developing artificial intelligence, pragmatism is the best way
According to the plan, China's new generation of artificial intelligence will develop into three steps in 2030. The first step, that is, two years later, in 2020, the overall technology and application of artificial intelligence is synchronized with the world's advanced level, and the competitiveness of artificial intelligence industry has entered the international first phalanx, and the artificial intelligence industry has become a new important economic growth point. It is also necessary to cultivate a number of leading artificial intelligence enterprises in the world. The artificial intelligence core industry has a scale of more than 150 billion yuan, driving the related industries to exceed 1 trillion yuan.
Experts believe that pragmatism is the best way in the current stage of artificial intelligence development. Artificial intelligence is a technology-intensive, capital-intensive, and talent-intensive industry. Unlike the Internet business model innovation and business model innovation, it needs to implement software and hardware solutions to truly solve people's concerns.
Wang Haifeng believes that the pragmatism of artificial intelligence is also reflected in the systematic innovation of the combined scene. For example, unmanned vehicles, smart homes and other application scenarios, each with its own characteristics, specific problems and special data, need to solve the problems in the scene in a down-to-earth manner, in order to finally make a good application.
Pragmatic is also reflected in the focus on key core technologies. Pu Muming said that in the frontier areas of artificial intelligence, China must occupy a place, and strive to make breakthroughs in basic research such as algorithms and architecture. "I care most about how to make a new breakthrough in the underlying core algorithms by effectively understanding the brain's network."
Zhou Zhihua, director of the Department of Computer Science at Nanjing University and dean of the Institute of Artificial Intelligence, said that today's artificial intelligence convolutional neural network is a hot topic, but in fact it has been studied 20 or 30 years ago. When he studied machine learning more than 20 years ago, there were not many people in China who knew about machine learning at the time. They often asked questions such as "This machine is ready to pick cotton or prepare to repair machine tools." "From academic research, even if things are done by others that are far from reality, as long as they think they are valuable, they should stick to it. This is pragmatic."
In response to the cultivation of artificial intelligence talents, Zhou Zhihua believes that for artificial intelligence technology and industry, talents are the most important, and how good is the artificial intelligence. The distance between artificial intelligence and industry is very short, and many innovations can be immediately applied from the laboratory to the application, which leads to a very large demand for talent in the academic world. Universities and research institutions should consciously cultivate talents and provide talent pools. But it can't be rushed to simply replace the computer, automation and other disciplines with the brand of artificial intelligence.
Academician Tan Tieniu, vice chairman of the China Artificial Intelligence Society, believes that in the process of artificial intelligence development, we must rationally analyze the development of the future, rationally consider development goals and development paths, and thus pragmatically promote and ensure the healthy and sustainable development of artificial intelligence.
People's Daily (20th edition, August 06, 2018)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020180806ee860005g

##
Current affairs
China accelerates the construction of artificial intelligence innovation center (at the State Council policy briefing)
1076 words
22 July 2017
People's Network (Simplified)
PEODOS
Chinese - Simplified
Copyright 2017. People's Daily & People's Daily Online
++
Beijing, 21 July (Reporter Zhao Yongxin) Li Meng, deputy director of the Ministry of Science and Technology, said at the State Council policy briefing held on the 21st that the Ministry of Science and Technology and other relevant departments will follow the "New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan" (hereinafter referred to as The requirements of "Planning" are aimed at improving the innovation ability of the new generation of artificial intelligence technology, in order to speed up the integration of artificial intelligence and economic and social defense, and accelerate the construction of the world artificial intelligence innovation center. Li Meng introduced that "Planning" is the first medium- and long-term plan for the development of artificial intelligence at the national level in China. According to the principle of "building a system, grasping dual attributes, adhering to the three attributes, strengthening the four major supports", the "plan" emphasizes the construction of an open collaborative artificial intelligence technology innovation system, and grasps the characteristics of the highly integrated artificial intelligence technology attributes and social attributes. The "three-in-one" promotion of artificial intelligence research and development, product application and industrial cultivation fully supports science and technology, economy, social development and national security. "Planning" has established the "three-step" goal of China's new generation of artificial intelligence development: by 2020, the overall technology and application of artificial intelligence will be synchronized with the world's advanced level; by 2025, the basic theory of artificial intelligence will achieve major breakthroughs, and the technology and application will reach the world. Leading level; by 2030, the theory, technology and application of artificial intelligence have reached the world's leading level, becoming the world's major artificial intelligence innovation center. "Planning" has identified six key tasks: establishing an open and collaborative partificial intelligence technology innovation system, deploying from the frontier basic theories, key common technologies, platforms, and talent teams; cultivating high-end and efficient intelligent economy and developing artificial intelligence emerging industries Promote the intelligent upgrading of the industry, create a new highland; build a safe and convenient intelligent society, improve the level of social governance intelligence, promote the sharing of mutual trust in social interaction; strengthen the support of artificial intelligence for military and national defense security; build a ubiquitous and efficient intelligence The infrastructure system; the establishment of a new generation of artificial intelligence major science and technology projects, the formation of a new generation of artificial intelligence major science and technology projects as the core, coordinating the current and future layout of the "1 + N" artificial intelligence project group. How to face the negative impact of artificial intelligence? Li Meng pointed out that artificial intelligence is a subversive technology with a wide range of influences, and its development uncertainty will bring new challenges to employment, law, ethics, privacy, and international relations. "Planning" pays attention to the balance between development and regulation, and emphasizes the characteristics of high integration of artificial intelligence technology attributes and social attributes. It is necessary to maximize the potential of artificial intelligence, and strengthen forward-looking prevention and restraint guidance to ensure safe, reliable and controllable. Development track. After years of accumulation, China's artificial intelligence research and development has made important progress, The world belongs to the first echelon. Relevant patents and papers have been at the forefront of the world, leading the world in speech recognition, machine vision and machine translation. Artificial intelligence innovation and entrepreneurship are very active, and a number of influential companies have emerged around the world. At the same time, we must also clearly understand our shortcomings and problems. In research and development, the original innovations in basic theory, core algorithms, key equipment, high-end chips, major products and systems are still relatively small; in terms of talent reserves, regardless of the size of talents or the quality of talents, the existing talent pool is far from satisfactory. There is no strong demand for the rapid development of artificial intelligence in economic and social development, especially the lack of high-end leading talents; in terms of industrial ecology, China has not yet formed an ecological circle and industrial chain with international influence. Li Meng said that in the future, he will actively explore artificial intelligence infrastructure, policies and regulations, standards, safety and ethics, and better adapt to the development of artificial intelligence.
People's Daily (July 22, 2017, 02 edition)
People's Daily Online Co., Ltd. Japan Branch
Document PEODOS0020170722ed7m0000a
