China offers Iran $3bn oilfield deal despite U.S. sanctions: Wall Street Journal
 
658 words
18 January 2019
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©019, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
State-run Chinese energy giant Sinopec has offered Iran a $3-billion deal on further development of an Iranian oilfield the two countries are already working on, the Wall Street Journal has reported.
 
The offer made by the China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (Sinopec) is part of an existing contract to operate the Yadavaran oilfield in southwest Iran on the Iraqi border, the report said.
 
The Chinese believe the offer wouldn’ violate a US ban on signing new development deals with Iran because the Yadavaran contract goes back to 2007, according to people familiar with the matter.
 
Sinopec has told its Iranian counterpart, the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), it wants its share of the field’ production to be granted under the US waiver allocated to China, one person said.
 
The new deal was offered by Sinopec in late December 2018 when the US allowed China to keep purchasing as much as 360,000 barrels of Iranian oil a day, the Journal said.
 
If implemented, the deal offered by China would double production at Yadavaran to more than 200,000 barrels a day (bpd) within six months.
 
China National Petroleum Corp (CNPC) and Sinopec have invested billions of dollars in Yadavaran and North Azadegan oilfields.
 
Yadavaran is one of the world's biggest undeveloped oilfields with reserves of 31 billion barrels of light and heavy crude oil, while North Azadegan is estimated to hold 5.7 billion barrels of reserves.
 
Yadavaran was launched with a production of up to 115,000 bpd and around $2 billion of investment by Sinopec in November 2016. CNPC brought online the first phase of North Azadegan with 75,000 bpd in early 2017.
 
The United States gave waivers to eight major clients of Iranian oil - China, India, South Korea, Japan, Italy, Greece, Taiwan and Turkey - after restoring energy sanctions in November.
 
China’ proposed deal comes as Italy, Greece, and Taiwan, all of which had obtained similar exemptions for importing oil from the Islamic Republic, have reportedly stopped buying Iranian oil, according to oil executives.
 
The Journal said the three countries made the decision after they failed to find ways to comply with other US sanctions –ncluding bans on shipping, insuring and banking with Iran.”
 
However, Asian buyers of Iranian oil have overcome final hurdles to resuming shipments from the country, with first cargoes set to arrive in Japan as early as this month.
 
According to media reports, China took 576,000 barrels per day of Iranian oil in December, while South Korea discharged 300,000 barrels, its first cargo since July.
 
Oil pricing agency S&P Global Platts quoted presidents of Japan's JXTG Holdings and Cosmo Oil as saying that the refiners will resume loading from Iran at the end of this month.
 
China and India continued to import Iranian oil from November while Turkey resumed imports in December.
 
The US waiver, issued in November, is for a period of 180 days but American officials are reportedly considering extending it.
 
On Friday, Reuters confirmed those reports, saying the United States is likely to extend waivers but will reduce the number of countries receiving them to placate top buyers China and India.
 
The news agency cited US-based analysts at Eurasia Group as saying that China, India, Japan, South Korea and Turkey are likely to be given waivers after they expire in May.
 
Other geopolitical priorities will moderate the administration’ desire to halt Iranian exports, particularly with Iran’ top two purchasers, China and India,”hey said.
 
Amos Hochstein, the former international energy envoy who ran Iran sanctions under the Obama administration, said the real reason Trump is giving the waivers is because he is unable to force China and India to stop buying oil from the country.
 
There will 100 percent be exemptions in May," Hochstein said.
 
(Source: press TV)
 
Document TEHRNT0020190118ef1i000b8




Getting around sanctions with crypto-rial
 
913 words
16 January 2019
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©019, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
In April 2018, the Central Bank of Iran banned domestic banks and people from dealing in foreign cryptocurrency because of money laundering and financing risks.
 
However, the CBI decided to take a more moderate stance toward the digital money and blockchain technology following the imposition of a new round of U.S. sanctions, hoping that the digital technology would facilitate Iran’ international money transfers and let the country evade the sanctions.
 
Meanwhile, as an oil producer with an oil-reliant economy dominated by petrodollars, Iran settled on the plan to utilize cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology to make up for any drop in oil revenues due to the economic sanctions designed to cut its oil sales.
 
Moving on the same track as China, Russia and Venezuela, Iran also hopes that blockchainization of state-backed fiats would lead to the demise of the dollar and put an end to the tyrant U.S. policies.
 
Under the toughest U.S. sanctions ever and blacklisting of Iran from the Belgium-based international financial messaging system (SWIFT), the country’ plan to create an indigenous cryptocurrency is improving incrementally and thanks to highly dynamic nature of the cryptocurrency, it can act as a good means for Iran to skirt certain sanctions through untraceable banking operations.
 
The CBI has been working with domestic knowledge-based companies to develop a digital currency, called crypto-rial, supported by HyperLedger Fabric technology.
 
As reported, the Informatics Services Corporation, affiliated to the CBI but run by the private sector, has accomplished development of rial-based national cryptocurrency and when the CBI approves the uses of national cryptocurrency, it will be issued to financial institutions such as banks to test payments and internal and interbank settlements.
 
Transactions at the state-backed virtual currency are carried out on an online ledger called a blockchain, just the same as Bitcoin, but since the infrastructure is privately-owned it will not be possible for people to mine it.
 
In fact, Iran is mainly aimed at testing the potentials of blockchain and crypto technology in running its financial system, making banks able to use the tokens as a payment instrument in transactions and banking settlement at the first phase of the blockchain banking infrastructure. The country seems inclined to enjoy the new virtual currency businesses which includes little notice or footprint and has also prepared the required infrastructure for trading cryptocurrency in its stock exchange.
 
However, in spite of the CBI’ prohibition from trading cryptocurrencies, Iranians had commenced using cryptocurrency and Bitcoin mining for transactions with the rest of the world before its use was banned by the CBI in the country.
 
Individuals and businesses in Iran have had access to virtual currency platforms through Iran-located, internet-based virtual currency exchanges; U.S. or other third country-based virtual currency exchanges; and peer-to-peer (P2P) exchangers,”ccording to reports.
 
But the U.S. embargo on a number of cryptocurrency exchange platforms, including Binance and Bittrex, restricted Iran from receiving services, however, no assets belonging to Iranians were blocked. U.S. sanctions have also ensnared Iranian bitcoin traders.
 
Furthermore, in December, the U.S. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, known as Fincen, issued a warning in an advisory to assist U.S. banks and other financial actors such as cryptocurrency exchanges in identifying potentially illicit transactions related to the Islamic Republic of Iran,”itcoin.com reported.
 
Fincen claimed that since 2013 Iran’ use of virtual currency includes at least $3.8 million worth of bitcoin-denominated transactions per year. The organization noted that while the use of virtual currency in Iran is comparatively small, virtual currency is an emerging payment system that may provide potential avenues for individuals and entities to evade sanctions.”
 
Fincen believes that P2P cryptocurrency exchangers are a significant means through which Iran can dodge economic sanctions.
 
Following the Fincen’ announcement, the United States lawmakers introduced a bill (HR 7321) to impose more sanctions on Iranian financial institutions and the development and use of the national digital currency, Cointelegeraph reported.
 
The act prohibits transactions, financing or other dealings related to an Iranian digital currency, and introduces sanctions on foreign individuals engaged in the sale, supply, holding or transfer of the digital currency.
 
In the wake of the U.S. restrictions, thus, cryptocurrency trades are limited into Iran’ domestic market and not possible at the international level and Bitcoin is sold at a significant premium relative to the global average price in Iran.
 
Unfortunately, the basic and premier regulations of using cryptocurrencies have not been ratified in Iran and Iranians are obliged to refer to stock exchange shops abroad to do their crypto-transactions, most of which are American obedient to U.S. regulations and of course, sanctions.
 
To make using cryptocurrency and blockchain technology legal and official in the country, the Iranian government is drafting a policy framework by the help of the CBI and the Stock Exchange Organization which clarifies all its regulations and policies over cryptocurrency and mining.
 
Being legislated, it is believed that SWIFT can be replaced by the digital money, i.e. the rial-pegged national currency, and transactions would be done faster and at lower prices.
 
Due to a lack of required regulations, cargos of equipment for mining cryptocurrency are seized by the customs administration. They are said to be released as soon as the government legalizes cryptocurrency use in the country.
 
HJ/MG
 
Document TEHRNT0020190116ef1g000p1




Yarijanian: Iran can dominate Eurasia market
 
723 words
16 January 2019
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©019, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Iran has been able to export goods to the Eurasia nations via Armenia for many years. Armenia, too, has been able to gain access to a vast market in the Middle East via Iran.
 
Joint ventures and exports to regional countries are among the goals that the two sides have underlined in recent years.
 
Increasing bilateral trade would mean Iran and Armenia can have more access to global markets. Such relations is of importance for Iran, especially now that the country is under sanctions and is exploring ways to replace oil revenues.
 
To get the latest developments in Iran-Armenia trade conditions, Iran Daily conducted an interview with the head of Iran-Armenia Chamber of Commerce Hervik Yarijanian.
 
The following is an excerpt of the interview.
 
IRAN DAILY: When it comes to Iran-Armenia economic relations, the first thing that is discussed is the Eurasia market. Why is it so?
 
HERVIK YARIJANIAN: Iran can easily dominate the Eurasia market economically and this can be done via Armenia. Currently, the price of many goods exported to the Eurasia market is twice that of Iranian counterparts. Iran can supply these goods at half of the price, even half of the price of their Chinese counterparts. But we see that the countries in the Eurasia market purchase their goods at a higher price from other countries. And this is because they have trade agreements with them, but have no such agreements with Iran.
 
Moreover, we can have more cooperation with China, turning Iran into a bridge connecting China and Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) nations. We can ask Chinese companies to produce their goods in Iranian industrial towns at lower costs in terms of labor and energy. Chinese companies can then send the goods manufactured in Iran to CIS nations. I think this proposal will be accepted by China as it will give it an edge in terms of logistics and competition.
 
Why has this trade link not been established yet?
 
This is partly because we have restricted the imports of certain goods to our country. Foreign traders like to be able to import goods if they are to export certain products. A while ago, the price of a standard plastic chair exported to Hungary was 2 —o cheap that it was surprising for them. Given the increase in value of foreign currencies in Iran, we are now able to export the same chair at half of that price and our producers even welcome this.
 
As I am a member of Plastic Machineries Manufacturer Association, I know that the plastic needed for machineries manufacturers is currently exported from Bangladesh to Spain while and we have no exports in this respect. This is while the quality of our plastic complies with international levels. The reason why they can export their products to Europe is that they have acquired the necessary permits. Our private sector can acquire these permits as well.
 
Can you explain the level of Iran-Armenia trade, especially after the second round of US sanctions were reimposed on Iran?
 
Currently, banking affairs is the main cause of concern for traders. The restrictions (after sanctions) has made it more difficult to order registration, creating headaches for traders.
 
Bilateral trade in recent years has been around $300 million, most of which goes to energy.
 
How can we help our traders under sanctions?
 
The best solution is that we create a credit institution jointly with CIS nations so that they can act as a liaison between our traders with regional countries and facilitate financial transactions. An institution like China's Bank of Kunlun that has been very instrumental for us.
 
For instance, Iran exports gas to Armenia and import electricity instead. The remainder of this transaction can be deposited into a fund. A financial institution can also take and give the money for such transactions, acting like a local SWIFT.
 
How can the Iran-Armenia Chamber of Commerce facilitate bilateral trade and exchanges with CIS countries?
 
An Iranian delegation consisting of 120 traders will travel to Armenia in May to explore ways to increase bilateral trade as well as those with the CIS countries. This delegation is the largest one to visit Armenia in the past year and we hope the trip would lead to joint venture projects in different industrial sectors.
 
Document IRADLY0020190116ef1g000ju




India's soymeal sales to Iran surge to offset rupees-for-oil imbalance
 
280 words
16 January 2019
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©019, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Iran has agreed to sell crude oil to India, the world's third-largest oil consumer, in exchange for rupees after sanctions imposed by the United States blocked its access to the global financial system, Reuters reported.
 
India's soymeal exports to Iran could jump to 450,000 tons during the 2018-19 fiscal year ending in March, up from just 22,910 tons during the previous fiscal year, B.V. Mehta, the executive director of the Solvent Extractors' Association (SEA), a Mumbai-based industry body for oilseed processors, said.
 
India started paying Iran for oil imports in rupees after receiving a six-month waiver from the sanctions that started in November.
 
India wants to continue buying oil from Iran since it offers free shipping and an extended credit period, while Iran will use the rupee funds to mostly pay for Indian exports.
 
Iran is paying a premium of as much as 10 percent compared to other buyers since the country was struggling to secure soymeal from other sellers and keen to use oil payments, said an exporter based at Indore in central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
 
"We have to charge a premium as many times payments get delayed," he said.
 
During the previous US sanctions, India settled 45 percent of its Iranian oil payments in rupees and the remainder in euros. But this time New Delhi wanted to make all payments in rupees to reduce its trade deficit with Iran.
 
Local soybean prices have jumped 10 percent in just three weeks as oil mills started procuring the oilseed to fulfill the export orders for Iran.
 
Document IRADLY0020190116ef1g000jj




 
 
Zarif Warns about Betting on Losing Horse of US
 
805 words
14 January 2019
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©019, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Zarif made the remarks addressing reporters upon his arrival in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad on Sunday.
 
Iran's top diplomat called the US a "losing horse" and recommended countries not to lay bet on a losing horse.
 
"The US has faced failure over the past 40 years in its policies against the Iranian people," Zarif said.
 
In a related front, in mid-December, Zarif underlined that the US sanctions have always been ineffective to change the policies of Iran, highlighting that Washington’ embargos just hurt ordinary people.
 
"They (sanctions) hurt ordinary Iranians but don't change (Iran’) policy," he said in a post on his official Twitter account.
 
Referring to the policy adopted by the previous US administration to start talks with Iran over the country's nuclear program, Iran's diplomatic chief said, "It was U-turn on part of US, which allowed #IranTalks to proceed. Same dynamic today," in a clear reference to the fact that instead of withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal, the new American government had better settle its disputes with Iran at the negotiating table.
 
Zarif added in his Twitter post that Iran and the remaining signatories to the JCPOA "are at table," emphasizing that "it is [the] US, which has decided to walk away and sow violence & chaos."
 
On December 15, Zarif told the forum in Qatari capital city of Doha that Iran has survived all the US pressures and sanctions in the past 40 years, highlighting that the ones who abandon engagement with Tehran will be the losers.
 
Trump has called for negotiations despite his hostile policies, and we have responded to him that if he was joking,”e highlighted there.
 
Earlier on November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
The other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran, President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, two months later, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
Document FARSNA0020190114ef1e00037




Iran’ oil market facing the new sanctions era; what to expect
 
1,234 words
13 January 2019
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©019, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
After an expected hiatus in Iran’ oil exports to some of the country’ main customers following the reimposition of the U.S. sanctions, once again the country’ old buyers are coming back to take advantage of the 180-day window which has been presented by the waivers granted in November.
 
Although it took some of these buyers more than a month to make necessary arrangements or to contemplate on the matter, it seems that finally the convenience of buying oil from Iran has outweighed the skepticism overshadowing Iranian oil industry.
 
With the customers coming back everything was seemed to be, once again, in favor of Iran’ oil industry, however the U.S. government’ disappointing comments last weekend could change all the equations for Iran’ oil market in the months to come.
 
The United States is not looking to grant more waivers for Iranian oil imports after the reimposition of U.S. sanctions.”rian Hook, the U.S. special representative for Iran, told an industry conference in the United Arab Emirates capital Abu Dhabi.
 
Considering this new stand, the immediate question which comes to mind is what would become Iran’ oil market after the 180-day period is over? To answer this question two main aspects should be taken into account, one is the consideration of Iran’ ability to bypass the sanctions and the second is the possibility of Iranian oil customers being pushed away in the wake of difficulties resulted from the sanctions.
 
Iran’ capabilities
 
Even though at first the markets were almost certain about the severe impact of Trump’ plans on Iranian oil industry, but the surprising decision on granting eight countries waivers to continue buying Iranian oil significantly mitigated the harsh outlook.
 
Now, nearly three months after the reimpostion of the U.S. sanctions on Iran, the market has witnessed that the Iranian oil exports are not plunged as much as expected.
 
Although due to the confidentiality of Iran's crude oil sales data, especially in the sanctions era, there is not an exact report for the level of the country’ oil exports in recent months, however based on the estimations presented by institutes which track Iranian oil vessels, the country’ oil exports stood at near 1.1 to 1.3 million barrels per day in November and December.
 
Furthermore, considering the exempted countries which are going to resume their oil purchasers from January, and the new approaches which Iran is taking to sell its oil like offering oil at energy exchanges or finding new customers, the country can definitely maintain an even higher level of exports in the months to come.
 
According to a FGE report, Iran will ship 1.08 million barrels per day in January and exports 1.115 million barrels per day in February.
 
We should not also forget Iran’ experience in bypassing sanctions to sale its oil. As I mentioned before, Iran has acquired certain ways to bypass sanctions and sell its oil even during the sanctions.
 
Iranian oil buyers
 
Nearly two months after the U.S. granted eight countries waivers to continue purchasing oil from Iran, recently some of the Asian buyers have signaled willingness for resuming oil imports from the country.
 
China, India and South Korea have placed orders for loadings in January or February and Japanese refineries have also expressed hope to resume shipping in Iranian oil as from late January provided that some final clearance and paperwork were made.
 
As reported by S&P Global, the presidents of Japan's JXTG Holdings and Cosmo Oil stated that they aim to load Iranian barrels at the end of January upon making some final clearances.
 
Cosmo Oil aims to load around 1.8 million barrels of Iranian crude at the end of this month”he report read.
 
Last week, head of South Korea’ SK Innovation, which owns South Korea’ biggest oil refiner SK Energy also told Reuters that South Korean oil buyers are expected to restart Iranian oil imports in late January or early February.
 
India's Ministry of External Affairs has also stated recently that the Asian country will continue importing Iranian oil. According to data provided by FACTS Global Energy Group (FGE), four Indian refineries namely, Indian Oil, Bharat Petroleum, HMEL and HPCL have placed orders for 321,000 barrels of Iranian oil in February.
 
Regarding Greece, Italy, and Taiwan which were exempted from the U.S. sanctions, no news has been officially out since November.
 
Even though Europe opposed Trump’ actions, and have reassured Iran’ government that they want the nuclear deal to continue, refiners in the green continent have had little choice but to comply with sanctions. The U.S. can cut off access to their financial system for any company judged to be doing business with Iran.
 
The customer preferences
 
With all that said, there are still other considerations which should be taken into account to have a rather clear view of what to expect for the future of Iranian oil.
 
The fact that it took near two months for some of the Asian buyers of Iranian oil to make necessary arrangements to come back to Iran’ market, is an indication of the hardships that the customers of Iranian oil will be facing in trade with Iran.
 
The heavy bureaucratic process which the exempted countries have to go through in order to buy Iranian oil, could push some of the more cautious customers like Japan and even South Korea away from Iran.
 
Most Asian customers of Iranian oil are very sensitive and conservative in their relations with the United States, and this is likely to be a barrier in the way of their energy relations with Iran.
 
Japan is a clear example of this situation; despite being granted sanction waiver the Japanese refineries have conditioned the resumption of their purchases upon making some final clearances”
 
Regarding Iranian oil buyers’uture decisions, yet another fact that should be taken into account is the reality that with Saudi Arabia, Russia and U.S. producing almost at their peak, and with prices hovering near $60 there is currently a lot of cheap oil in the market.
 
In such a market, it is natural that some of the Iranian oil customers prefer to purchase their oil from other oil suppliers instead of exposing themselves to the consequences of breaching the U.S. sanctions.
 
So in the end, it all comes to the incentives which Iranian government is willing to provide to make its oil attractive enough to worth the risk.
 
It seems that the country has taken some steps in this regard, since earlier this month, the Iranian Deputy Oil Minister for International Affairs and Trading Amir-Hossein Zamaninia said despite the U.S. sanctions more oil buyers have approached the country for negotiations.
 
Despite U.S. pressures on Iranian oil market, the number of potential buyers of Iranian oil has significantly increased due to a competitive market, greed and pursuit of more profit.”amaninia said.
 
Mentioning pursuit of more profit”ndicates that Iran is probably going to provide its customers with remarkable discounts or provide them with long-term payment plans which considering the current situation in the market seems to be the best decision at the moment.
 
Document TEHRNT0020190113ef1d000b6




Iraq to proceed with oil exploration with Iran
 
353 words
11 January 2019
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©019, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Zanganeh: Iran won’ comply with 'illegal' US sanctions
 
Iraqi Oil Minister Thamer al-Ghadhban said Iraq and Iran were jointly exploring two oilfields shared by the two countries, despite US efforts to isolate Iran from global oil markets.
 
Ghadhban said Iraq was honoring an existing exploration agreement with neighboring Iran. He made the comments at a joint news conference in Baghdad on Thursday with his Iranian counterpart Bijan Namdar Zanganeh.
 
The US has been pressuring Iraq to break its energy dependence in Iran since it reinstated sanctions against the Islamic Republic last year. Iraq imports gas and electricity from Iran to meet its energy needs.
 
The US granted Iraq a sanctions waiver until March to continue buying gas from Iran.
 
Ghadhban said his discussions with Zanganeh had touched on energy issues, describing mutual economic and trade relations as good and expansive,”ut that they had not yet reached an agreement to develop joint oilfields.
 
He also said a decline in global oil prices had stopped and that he expected them to rise gradually.
 
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, of which Iran and Iraq are members, and its Russia-led allies agreed on Dec. 7 to cut output by more than expected, despite pressure from US President Donald Trump to reduce oil prices.
 
The OPEC deal had hung in the balance on concerns that Iran, whose crude exports have been depleted by US sanctions, would receive no exemption and block the agreement.
 
Ghadhban said any decision relating to future OPEC cuts would depend on monitoring price developments.
 
Zanganeh, for his part, said US sanctions against Iran were fully illegal”nd Tehran would not comply with them.
 
We believe that we should not comply with the illegal sanctions against Iran,”anganeh said.
 
Zanganeh also said Iran would not discuss the volume or destination of its oil exports while it remained under US sanctions.
 
We have discussed today how to improve cooperation with Iraq on different aspects, especially on oil issues,”e said.
 
Zanganeh said Iran was ready to increase gas sales to its neighbor.
 
Document IRADLY0020190111ef1b000e4




Thursday's Iran Mini Report - January 10, 2019
National Council of Resistance of Iran, 11:49 AM, 11 January 2019, 899 words, (English)
Bloomberg: Cyber attackers in Iran could be behind a wave of hacks on government and communications infrastructure that will require a coordinated global response to repel, according to cybersecurity firm FireEye Inc. FireEye researchers ...
 
Zarif: Traditional partners prioritized amid EU procrastination
 
908 words
8 January 2019
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©019, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
TEHRAN –ehran would not wait for the Europeans and their special payment system and will work with its traditional partners, like India, China and Russia, in order to fulfill the interests of Iranians, Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said as he visited India late Monday.
 
"We continue to work with the Europeans for the special purpose vehicle but we are not waiting for them," Zarif told reporters in New Delhi. "We are working with our traditional partners like India, like China, like Russia so that we continue to work in the interest of our people."
 
Zarif was referring to the special purpose vehicle (SPV), a European Union’ initiative intended to protect trade with Iran against newly reimposed U.S. sanctions. The EU had promised to kick off the system on November 4 when Washington set the sanctions in motion. The package still remains untapped.
 
<cite class="quote-t7">The Iranian foreign minister said on Tuesday the European Union was moving more slower than expected in facilitating non-dollar trade with Tehran to circumvent U.S. sanctions, forcing it to explore avenues with other nations. Iran will keep working with Europe to put into effect the SPV for international trade with Tehran under the 2015 nuclear deal, Zarif maintained. Tehran has told the EU if they want to have Iran in the deal while the U.S. violated it, they have to pay a price.
 
The top diplomat arrived in New Delhi late Monday for a three-day visit heading a diplomatic and economic delegation.
 
Zarif’ visit to India comes amid a six-month waiver granted by Washington to Indian companies to buy 300,000 bpd of crude from Iran. Iranian oil export funds will now be locked up in escrow accounts that can only be approved for humanitarian purposes including basic commodities and medicine.
 
The announcement of the sanctions had a domino effect for India, Iran’ second largest crude buyer, importing 540,000 bpd on average this year. Iran was India’ third-largest crude supplier after Saudi Arabia and Iraq.
 
With one of the highest economic growth rates in the world, India imports 80 percent of its crude and the demand is on the rise. As a result of the uncertainties in crude supply created by the sanctions, the Indian rupee fell to a record low of 73.81 against the dollar on October 5, cooling off the domestic stock market and escalating inflation.
 
Indian oil refiners had a good deal buying Iranian crude at $3-5 a barrel cheaper compared to other Middle Eastern producers and benefits included $2-4 discount for a barrel of crude, $1 a barrel on freight subsidies and extended payment facilities.
 
Zarif said that Iran will enhance cooperation with its trade partners through various channels.
 
The Iranian foreign minister also pointed to his negotiations with Indian Transport and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari on economic cooperation, saying the two countries have launched cooperation in various fields, as in the development of the Iranian port city of Chabahar.
 
Pointing to the interaction between the Iranian and Indian banks, Zarif expressed hope that Tehran and New Delhi would broaden ties despite the U.S. sanctions.
 
Upon his arrival at the New Delhi airport, Zarif told reporters that Iran and India had good relations even after re-imposition of U.S. sanctions. We have a good banking agreement with Indians, which was signed this fall and after [re-imposition] of sanctions, and this agreement allows our country to continue both exports and imports while meeting its financial needs.”
 
The top Iranian diplomat stated that there are many good opportunities for the expansion of relations between Iran and India, including for the development of Chabahar port, noting that Indians are interested in developing other projects related to Iran’ transit infrastructure.
 
He added that inclusion of businesspersons in his accompanying team showed the private sector’ interest in taking advantage of these opportunities to promote relations between the two countries.
 
Zarif attends forum in New Delhi
 
Zarif also delivered a speech at a gathering of the Indian Council of World Affairs (ICWA) attended by Indian elite and intellectuals.
 
The foreign minister made comments on the latest global developments and answered questions raised by the participants.
 
No economic power can tell us you cannot have a relationship with India. This can give you confidence on the partner you are choosing,”indu BusinessLine quoted Zarif as telling the forum in New Delhi on Tuesday.
 
On U.S. President Donald Trump’ hostile policies towards Iran, Zarif said the challenge facing bilateral relationships came from one single country, and more specifically one individual. The United States is asking other countries to violate a UN Security Council resolution,”e regretted.
 
We provide a third of urea fertilizer to India. Today Indian farmers are paying 38 percent more because of the arbitrary decision by an individual. Is this the future we want?”e asked, noting that the arbitrary”ecision of a single country was already affecting economic interests.
 
The Iranian foreign minister maintained that the Islamic Republic has continued its development during the past 40 years despite sanctions and this progress will not be stopped.
 
He added, India was on our side in the past. We never forget people on our side, when better times come. And I assure you better times will come.”
 
SP/PA
 
Document TEHRNT0020190108ef18000rv




Addiction treatment in Iran hampered by U.S. sanctions
 
630 words
8 January 2019
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©019, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
TEHRAN – recent statement by the director of Prevention and Treatment Development at the State Welfare Organization of Iran shows that despite Washington claims that sanctions are targeted at the Islamic Republic, it is ordinary Iranians in need that are to face the fallout.
 
Farid Barati Sadeh told ISNA on Sunday that the next year’ budget bill has eliminated a budget that would go to insuring addiction treatment.
 
He said that for the current fiscal year (March 2018-March 2019), a sum of 26 billion rials had been nominally given to the treatment of addiction, mentioning that it was already a very small amount. But, he added, this very small amount has been completely cut off the bill for the next year’ budget.
 
Last Tuesday President Hassan Rouhani presented 17.03 quadrillion rials (about $405 billion at the official rate of 42,000 rials) national budget bill for the next fiscal year with increased spending on lower income groups, saying U.S. sanctions would affect people’ lives and economic growth but fail to bring the government to its knees.
 
He gave the value of the nominally balanced draft budget, excluding the spending of state enterprises, at about 4,700 trillion rials. The U.S. dollar is currently worth about 107,000 Iranian rials in the free market.
 
That figure is up from about 3,700 trillion rials he had proposed for this year, but the new budget is effectively worth about half of this year’ because of the weakening of Iran’ currency.
 
The rial has depreciated by more than 50 percent this year while year-on-year food prices have increased by about 60 percent, according to the Central Bank of Iran.
 
Officials have said the budget is designed to provide for the basic needs of low-income groups, including state employees and pensioners, and to support production and employment. They have also said that the budget calculations were based on a forecast crude price of $50-$54 per barrel and exports of 1 to 1.5 million barrels per day, down from a peak of almost 3 million bpd in mid-2018.
 
The proposed state budget for the coming year points to a 3.7 percent decline in revenues in rial terms, as U.S. sanctions continue to bite. Following the sanctions, Iran’ oil exports dropped radically from around 2.3 to about 1.2 million barrels per day.
 
Iran’ economy has struggled since Trump pulled out of the 2015 nuclear accord in May and re-imposed sanctions, including restrictions on oil sales.
 
Eight major importers of Iranian crude oil have received U.S. exemptions which will last up to 180 days since the sanctions came into effect in early November.
 
In the budget bill, the government forecasts tax earnings of 1,535tn and oil, gas and electricity sales of 1,426tn rials, but economic stagnation is expected to hit tax revenues while the decline in global oil prices will likely add to the pressure.
 
This is while in the current year, too, Iran has been facing a big budget deficit, which came in bigger than expected. In the first five months of the current fiscal year (March 21 to August 22) the deficit reached 369.1 trillion rials, according to the Central Bank of Iran.
 
The government’ overall revenues during the seven months to October 22 reached 415.7 trillion rials, indicating a rise of 25.8 percent, while its spending hit 807.2 trillion rials to register a 45.6 percent growth year-on-year. A deficit of 1,120 trillion rials is forecast but analysts believe the figure could rise much higher.
 
SP/PA
 
Document TEHRNT0020190108ef1800001




Profit-hungry tiger breeders behind push to lift China’ trading ban
 
686 words
8 January 2019
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©019, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
China has made significant strides in wildlife protection in recent years, including a total ban on ivory and plans to open one of the world’ largest reserves for wild tigers in northeast China in 2020.
 
But it also has formidable, profit-driven wildlife business interests that risk undermining progress on protecting the endangered big cats, conservationists say, Reuters reported.
 
The industry occupies a strategic position which concentrates in the country’ less developed regions where poverty reduction remains a top priority of the local authorities,”aid Houston-based Peter Li, a China Policy Specialist at Humane Society International.
 
Operators of tiger breeding farms have told state media that without the ability to sell bones, skins and meat they are not be able to cover the high costs of running their parks and carry out key conservation plans endorsed by the national government.
 
After pressure from some breeders, China’ State Council said in October it would replace a 1993 ban on the trade of tiger bones and rhino horn, opening up exceptions under ‘pecial circumstances’ including medical research.
 
But in November, Beijing postponed the move following widespread protests from conservation groups who worry any resumption in the legal trade of tiger parts will be a death knell for the species by enabling the laundering of wild animal parts into farmed supplies.
 
Conservationists also argue that no captive Chinese bred tigers have been released into the wild and there is no scientific or medical need to use rhino horn and tiger bone in traditional Chinese medicine.
 
Still, lifting the ban is backed by China’ powerful State Forestry and Grassland Administration.
 
If rhino horns and tiger bones can be used for medicinal purposes, and their use causes zero harm to the two endangered species in the wild, why should we oppose it?”ang Xiaoping, an executive at the administration was quoted in the state-run China Daily newspaper.
 
The Forestry and Grasslands Administration did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
 
Park executives, officials and conservation experts say tiger parks have been accumulating stocks of animal skin and bone in freezers, with the aim of selling it for medicinal use in the future.
 
Conservation groups estimate there are now over 6,500 farmed tigers at some 200 facilities in China and around 40 farmed rhinos. Chinese media say tiger bone can fetch 5,000-9,000 yuan ($727-$1,308) per kg —ens of thousands of dollars per animal.
 
The World Wildlife Fund believes there are only around 40-50 wild tigers left in China out of around 3,900 globally.
 
Debate over lifting the ban on tiger trade comes as China seeks to develop its traditional medicine industry, worth some $50 billion annually, and position it as a key pillar of its ‘ne Belt One Road’trategy.
 
The World Health Organization is set to recognize traditional Chinese medicine for the first time next year in its global medical compendium according to Nature International Journal of Science, citing the governing body.
 
Currently, visitor fees are the parks’ain source of income, along with government subsidies. Ticket prices are 100 yuan and visitors can pay extra to feed the tigers.
 
In a CCTV documentary shown in November, Liu Dan, the chief engineer of the Northeast Tiger Forest Park, near China’ border with Russia, said his 1,000-plus tigers each eat around 3,000 yuan ($435) worth of chicken per month.
 
Liu, who has raised tigers for over 30 years and has repeatedly called for the ban on trading tiger parts to be lifted, told state media that government tax breaks are not enough for the park to be financially viable. Currently, parks make most of their money from visitors.
 
Chinese medicine experts say there is no need to use tiger bone and rhino horn in treatments as substitutes are readily available.
 
Tiger bone, for example, is often used to treat arthritis and joint pain, but there are dozens of other herbs with similar properties, said Eric Karchmer, chief medicine officer at Dao Labs.
 
Document IRADLY0020190108ef1800001




 
 
VP: US Fails to Realize Dream of Cutting Iran’ Oil Revenues to Zero
 
1,639 words
6 January 2019
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©019, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Jahangiri said on Saturday that the Americans have taken aim at the Iranian people’ livelihood, as they impose sanctions on basic goods and raw materials needed for production.
 
US is trying to stop major Iranian income resource, that’ to say oil sales, as they in their own imagination wanted to bring oil sales to zero but they failed with the grace of God,”e said.
 
In a meeting with the Managing Director of Ports and Maritime Organization Mohammad Saeedi, Jahangiri added that the institute as a major sector of the country’ economy shoulders a heavy burden in sanctions era.
 
At a time when foreign shipping companies did not stop cooperation with Iran, local companies shoulder a double burden so that imports and exports of goods will not come to a halt due to restrictions in the transportation sector,”e said.
 
Noting that the government is serious determined to solve problems that the shipping sector are faced with, he said that Iran’ Ports and Maritime Organization shoulders a heavy burden in times of sanctions.
 
Jahangiri also referred to the extensive capacities of Iran’ sea transportation sector, saying that it can render great services for the other countries and earn income from it.
 
Saeedi, for his part, talked about their problems and called for the government’ special attention to the sector to solve its challenges.
 
In a related front, Economy Minister Farhad Dejpasand asserted that Iran’ economic cooperation with other countries is growing, reassuring that US plots against the country’ economy will not get realized.
 
Enemies' troubled dreams against Islamic Iran will not come true and after a period of crisis, the situation will be improved,”ejpasand said in a local ceremony on Saturday.
 
He noted that economic cooperation with other countries is growing, adding that the government has adopted effective measures to boom the country's economy.
 
He underlined the government’ support for exporters, urging the entrepreneurs to contribute to project which aim to resolve people's economic problems.
 
In a related front, earlier on November 10, Dejpasand downplayed the effects of the US new sanctions on his country, saying that Tehran has gained lots of experience in bypassing and coping with embargos in past decades.
 
"Living through sanctions conditions is not difficult. We have become experienced in the past 40 years in confronting sanctions," he added.
 
He noted that Iran will use all economic opportunities to confront enemies, and said, "We have earned good and effective experience in confronting sanctions since the start of the Islamic Revolution and we have devised proper plans to confront the economic embargos."
 
His remarks came hours after Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said American officials had admitted their incapability to stop Iran's crude sales, and the US sanctions would only leave negative impacts on imports of foodstuff, medicine and medical equipment.
 
"What the Iranian officials said that the US is not able to zero Iran's oil exports was proved with the US recent admission," President Rouhani said after a trilateral meeting with the parliament speaker and judiciary chief in Tehran on November 10.
 
"The US announced that it cannot zero Iran's oil sales because the oil prices will rise to $150; this is what we had said (before). In this region, either Iran's oil is exported or others will be in trouble as well," he added.
 
President Rouhani referred to the US lies that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment were exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020190106ef160000c




 
 
Iran’ Economic Cooperation with Other Countries Growing
 
1,374 words
5 January 2019
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©019, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Enemies' troubled dreams against Islamic Iran will not come true and after a period of crisis, the situation will be improved,”ranian Economy Minister Farhad Dejpasand said in a local ceremony.
 
He noted that economic cooperation with other countries is growing, adding that the government has adopted effective measures to boom the country's economy.
 
He underlined the government’ support for exporters, urging the entrepreneurs to contribute to project which aim to resolve people's economic problems.
 
In a related front, earlier on November 10, Dejpasand downplayed the effects of the US new sanctions on his country, saying that Tehran has gained lots of experience in bypassing and coping with embargos in past decades.
 
"Living through sanctions conditions is not difficult. We have become experienced in the past 40 years in confronting sanctions," he added.
 
He noted that Iran will use all economic opportunities to confront enemies, and said, "We have earned good and effective experience in confronting sanctions since the start of the Islamic Revolution and we have devised proper plans to confront the economic embargos."
 
His remarks came hours after Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said American officials had admitted their incapability to stop Iran's crude sales, and the US sanctions would only leave negative impacts on imports of foodstuff, medicine and medical equipment.
 
"What the Iranian officials said that the US is not able to zero Iran's oil exports was proved with the US recent admission," President Rouhani said after a trilateral meeting with the parliament speaker and judiciary chief in Tehran on November 10.
 
"The US announced that it cannot zero Iran's oil sales because the oil prices will rise to $150; this is what we had said (before). In this region, either Iran's oil is exported or others will be in trouble as well," he added.
 
President Rouhani referred to the US lies that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment were exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020190105ef150008l




 
 
Speaker’ Advisor: Iranians Defeat Trump, Netanyahu
 
729 words
5 January 2019
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©019, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
"Powerful Iran stands beside its allies in the region, improving its modern development plan and defense measures," Amir Abdollahian wrote in a post on his Twitter account.
 
The Iranian official referred to Iran’ progresses with a photo posted along with his tweet on Thursday, to assert that all pressures of US and Israel against Tehran were ineffective to obstruct the country’ progression forward.
 
Iranian nation and Establishment defeated Trump and Netanyahu in a comprehensive economic and psychological warfare, and on the path to development and progress, they surprise the world, he added.
 
In a related front, on December 23, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said all capacities of the country must be mobilized to undermine the negative impacts of the US sanctions, highlighting that defeating the US policy of bringing Iran's oil exports to zero must stand atop the national agenda.
 
A week before that, Zarif underlined that the US sanctions have always been ineffective to change the policies of Iran, highlighting that Washington’ embargos just hurt ordinary people.
 
"They (sanctions) hurt ordinary Iranians but don't change (Iran’) policy," he said in a post on his official Twitter account.
 
Referring to the policy adopted by the previous US administration to start talks with Iran over the country's nuclear program, Iran's diplomatic chief said, "It was U-turn on part of US, which allowed #IranTalks to proceed. Same dynamic today," in a clear reference to the fact that instead of withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal, the new American government had better settle its disputes with Iran at the negotiating table.
 
Zarif added in his Twitter post that Iran and the remaining signatories to the JCPOA "are at table," emphasizing that "it is [the] US, which has decided to walk away and sow violence & chaos."
 
On Saturday December 15, Zarif told the forum in Qatari capital city of Doha that Iran has survived all the US pressures and sanctions in the past 40 years, highlighting that the ones who abandon engagement with Tehran will be the losers.
 
Trump has called for negotiations despite his hostile policies, and we have responded to him that if he was joking,”e highlighted there.
 
On November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Document FARSNA0020190105ef150008k




India, Iran to maintain trade level amid sanctions
 
1,266 words
1 January 2019
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©019, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
TEHRAN -- Re-imposition of sanctions by U.S. President Donald Trump’ administration against Iran sent the national currency rial on a roller coaster ride against the U.S. dollar, spiraling inflation and soaring cost of living for the general public in Iran. From the record highs of 190,000 rials against the dollar in late September, the greenback exchange rate has now recovered, hovering around 10,000 rials in the open market.
 
In May Washington announced U.S. exit from the Iran nuclear deal (also called JCPOA), and imposed tougher sanctions with a goal of reducing Islamic Republic’ oil exports, which peaked to 2.8m bpd in April, to zero” The news of the disruption of oil supply from Iran sent global crude prices soaring, touching $86 per barrel in October.
 
Such uncertainties from the supply market have disrupted vulnerable energy dependent countries’conomies and in some cases have created riots in the streets.
 
The announcement of the sanctions had a domino effect for India, Iran’ second largest crude buyer, importing 540,000 bpd on average this year. Iran was India’ third largest crude supplier after Saudi Arabia and Iraq.
 
With one of the highest economic growth rates in the world, India imports 80 percent of its crude and the demand is on the rise. As a result of the uncertainties in crude supply created by the sanctions, the Indian rupee fell to a record low of 73.81 against the dollar on October 5, cooling off the domestic stock market and escalating inflation.
 
Indian oil refiners had a good deal buying Iranian crude at $3-5 a barrel cheaper compared to other Middle Eastern producers and benefits included $2-4 discount for a barrel of crude, $1 a barrel on freight subsidies and extended payment facilities, the Mumbai-based Business Today reported.
 
Higher crude prices imply higher deficits for India, which in turn leads to fall of Indian rupees against the dollar. A $10 per barrel change in crude results in 50 basis points current account deficit and 30 basis point impact on inflation, reported Kotak Institutional Equities in its August report.
 
Therefore, it is to the interest of both countries not to disrupt the bilateral trade. Global oil trade is conducted in U.S. dollars. To bypass the 2012 sanctions imposed by former U.S. President Barrack Obama Administration, the two countries continued business in rupees and barter. It is imperative that a similar arrangement be organized again in order to continue bilateral trade.
 
North-South Corridor
 
The 7,200km International North-South Transport Corridor (INSTC), starting from Mumbai and extending to Astrakhan, Moscow, Baku and further north will require India-Iran bilateral cooperation. Chabahar Port development, which has also received a waiver from Washington, is the sole Iranian deep sea port and the only one directly facing the Indian Ocean.
 
During an interview with the Tehran Times in January 2017, I had the pleasure of meeting Indian Ambassador to Iran Saurabh Kumar, who will be ending his term in Iran in the near future. He emphasized that Chabahar is a very important symbol of cooperation between India and Iran. It is a very important issue of connectivity between India, Iran and Afghanistan as well as the Central Asia region,”dding the Indian private sector will be the major investor.
 
The first phase of the strategic Iranian port was inaugurated by President Hassan Rouhani last year. The opening of the first phase of Shahid Beheshti Port, as part of Chabahar Port, has tripled its capacity to 8.5 million tons. The agreement for leasing the operational control of this port was signed during Rouhani’ visit to New Delhi in February 2018.
 
The operational control of Shahid Beheshti port was formally leased to Indian Ports Global Ltd. (IPGL) for a temporary period of 18 months, IRNA quoted Behrouz Aqaei, director general of Sistan-Baluchestan Ports and Maritime Organization, as saying. IPGL’ major tasks include loading and unloading operations, procurement, and marketing.
 
Emphasizing advantages of the International North-South Transport Corridor, Russian economy expert Leonid Khazanov told Trend news agency that the route from Baltic countries to India will reduce time and cost of delivery of goods by 35-40 percent. He added that for practical implementation of the project it is not only necessary to develop the ports of the Caspian Sea, but also accelerate customs clearance.
 
Pharmacy industry
 
Global Summit on Maternal and Child Health care was held in India in December with the presence of a large number of health ministers and Indian pharmaceutical companies. Iranian Minister of Health and Medical Education Hassan Qazizadeh Hashemi attended the three-day summit and pointed out that Tehran must change its traditional approach of leaning towards European and U.S. companies for buying medicinal drugs.
 
Referring to India’ pharmaceutical capabilities, he said: A major part of the European and U.S. markets is dominated by Indian pharmaceutical companies.”e added that New Delhi is one of the major powers in the field of medicine, raw materials and vaccines.
 
Qazizadeh Hashemi said constructive talks were exchanged with Indian health minister and CEOs of pharmacy companies in relevant field.
 
As per the six-month waiver granted by Washington, Indian can buy 300,000 bpd of crude from Iran for the next six months. Iranian oil export funds will now be locked up in escrow accounts that can only be approved for humanitarian purposes including basic commodities and medicine.
 
Payment mechanism
 
In order to make a long-term arrangement both countries need to embark on a mechanism similar to the previous one in 2012, i.e. a rupee/barter trade arrangement.
 
Quoting sources, Bloomberg reported last month that an alternative mechanism in India will use escrow accounts of five Iranian banks held with the state owned United Commercial Bank (UCO Ltd.) to deposit money for oil purchases to overcome U.S. sanctions. The payment mechanism will allow India to continue oil purchases despite sanctions as it fulfills Trump’ goal to choke money going directly to Iran.
 
UCO Ltd. Bank Managing Director Atul Kumar Goel on December 18 said: We already have 15 Iranian bank accounts, out of these five have come under secondary sanctions.”e said the remaining 10 are eligible for bilateral trade between India and Iran. A similar arrangement was made in 2012 when 45 percent of the dues were paid into escrow accounts in India of Iranian banks and the remaining settled in euros through an overseas bank.
 
According to the Financial Tribune, Mohammad Hussein Bani Asadi, director for the Indian Section at the Iranian Foreign Ministry, said following bilateral talks India’ Finance Ministry will send a directive to the UCO bank to make the payment mechanism active. The announcement was made on December 19 at the Tehran Chamber of Commerce, Industries, Mines and Agriculture with the theme of India, a Widow Beyond Sanctions” It was attended by the Indian Ambassador Saurabh Kumar and business leaders from the two countries.
 
Sanctions is nothing new for Islamic Republic’ forty year history. Hardship has been one of the characteristics during the post-revolution era. Muslims from all over the world, whether Sunni or Shi’te, have admired the resilience of the Islamic Republic and the general public during this time.
 
While President Rouhani presented next year’ budget bill to the parliament, he admitted that the unjust”.S. sanctions will affect country’ lives and growth, but will not bring Iran to its knees.”
 
Document TEHRNT0020190101ef110005l




 
 
India Exempts Iran from Heavy Taxes in Oil Rupee Payments
 
525 words
1 January 2019
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©019, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
The exemption, put in place December 28 but backdated to November 5, will allow Indian refiners to settle about $1.5 billion of outstanding payments to the NIOC; those have been building up since Tehran was put under stringent US sanctions in early November.
 
However, the income of a foreign company that is deposited in an Indian bank account is subject to a withholding tax of 40 percent plus other levies, leading to a total take by the authorities of 42.5 percent.
 
Iran will be able to use the rupee funds for a range of expenses - including imports from India, the cost of its missions in the country, direct investment in Indian projects, and its financing of Iranian students in India, according to another government document reviewed by Reuters. It can also invest the funds in Indian government debt securities.
 
That made the agreement unworkable for Iran and led to the freeze in payments by the refiners until the exemption could be introduced.
 
The tax exemption order, though, only refers to crude oil. That means it does not apply to imports of other commodities, such as fertilizer, liquefied petroleum gas and wax.
 
India, Iran’ top oil client after China, has turned to paying for Iranian oil in rupees as major banking channels dealing in global currencies are closed off by the US sanctions.
 
The tax exemption order, though, only refers to crude oil. That means it does not apply to imports of other commodities, such as fertilizer, liquefied petroleum gas and wax.
 
India, Iran’ top oil client after China, has turned to paying for Iranian oil in rupees as major banking channels dealing in global currencies are closed off by the U.S. sanctions.
 
Iran will be able to register as a foreign portfolio investor, allowing it to invest in Indian government debt.
 
In relevant remarks in late December, Iranian Oil Minister Bijan Zangeneh ruled out that the country's companies are facing problems in exporting crude due to the unilateral sanctions imposed by the US against Tehran.
 
"Private buyers of Iranian crude have been able to export it without any problems," Zangeneh said.
 
The Iranian oil minister pointed to the method of payment by Iran's foreign clients, and said, "Foreign buyers could choose whether to pay for the crude in Iranian rial or foreign currencies."
 
Iran launched the sale of oil supply futures on the eve of the new US sanctions targeting the country’ oil and banking sectors, and managed to sell 280,000 barrels of crude on the first day. In these transactions, the price per barrel was $74.85, 20 percent of which were paid in Iranian rial and the rest in foreign currencies.
 
In the second phase, the country sold 700,000 barrels of crude, with price per barrel at $64.97.
 
So far, the system of sales in the stock market was based on 20 percent paid with Iranian rial, and 80 percent in foreign currencies. Recent requests and proposals indicate that the sales will be paid 100 percent with Iranian rails from now on.
 
Document FARSNA0020190101ef110005s




 
 
10 Good Things About 2018
 
1,132 words
31 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Despite President Donald Trump’ Muslim travel ban, anti-migrant policies, moving US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem Al-Quds, off-the-cuff fire and fury”hreat to North Korea, and withdrawal from a host of international agreements, there are still some rousing points of light from 2018.
 
Here are the top ten events for 2018 –ther important developments were left out, such as the new ceasefire agreement in Yemen et al:
 
1. Victory over ISIL in Iraq and Syria.
 
Few months before Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared final victory over ISIL after Iraqi forces drove its last remnants from the country; it was the allied forces of Iran, Syria, Russia and Hezbollah that announced the defeat of the foreign-backed goons in neighboring Syria. The Syrian army and its allies are still fighting ISIL in desert areas, but the capture of all terror-held territories ends ISIL’ era of territorial rule over the so-called caliphate that it proclaimed in 2014 across Iraq and Syria and in which millions suffered under its reign of terror.
 
2. Trump orders US troops out of Syria.
 
On December 19, Trump called for a US withdrawal from Syria over the apparent objections of military advisers and a bipartisan group of lawmakers. The withdrawal of the more than 2,000 troops is based on Trump’ decision that the mission against ISIL is complete! US military leaders, including former Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, disagree. They don’ think the US has actually defeated ISIL.
 
3. The end of a terrible alliance.
 
The tragic murder of Khashoggi at the US consulate in Istanbul shook Riyadh’ Western allies. It was a turning point for the US-Saudi alliance. With three years of relentless Saudi bombing of Yemen leading to the world’ greatest human catastrophe and the barbaric murder of Khashoggi, Congress and business leaders finally began to question their relationship with this retrograde regime and its brutal de facto leader Mohammad bin Salman. In an unprecedented vote, the Senate approved a measure to halt US support to the Saudis in Yemen. Some European governments stopped arms sales to Saudi Arabia as well.
 
4. Trump orders US military to start withdrawing 7,000 troops from Afghanistan.
 
The effort to curb Trump’ support for the Saudi war on Yemen comes at the same time that Trump announced a halving of US troops in Afghanistan. This was an abrupt shift in the 17-year-old war there and it’ good news. It came hours after Jim Mattis, the former secretary of defense, said he would resign from his position after disagreeing with Trump over his approach to policy in the Middle East.
 
5. World leaders react to US withdrawal from Iran nuclear deal.
 
Following Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal, there was an immediate reaction by world leaders, including the other parties to the landmark deal. France, Germany and the UK regretted the US decision to leave the JCPOA, pledging to work collectively to keep Iran under the deal by providing it with the merits promised under the agreement. China and Russia also reiterated they want to uphold the deal, arguing that "the deal makes the world safer", and that they could find no legitimate reason for pulling out of the deal.
 
6. World condemns Trump’ decision to move US embassy.
 
The embassy move from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem Al-Quds infuriated Palestinians and sparked international condemnation, arguing that the city's final status should first be resolved through Israeli-Palestinian negotiations. From the UN and European allies to global rivals like China and Russia, from Iran to the Vatican, his move was denounced. The Cairo-based Arab League urged the international community to oppose what it considered an "unjust decision" and the ongoing "Israeli occupation" of Al-Quds.
 
7. Trump's Muslim travel ban and anti-immigrant policies condemned.
 
Trump’ immigration policies drew international condemnation as religious discrimination from allies and religious leaders, including Pope Francis, who took aim on moral grounds at the administration’ practice of separating migrant children from their parents at the US-Mexico border. Leaders from London to Ottawa and to Tehran described the separations as unjust and cruel. The pope, who has placed the issues facing migrants at the center of his papacy, stepped into the issue, saying he agreed with statements by US Catholic bishops, who called the separations immoral”nd contrary to our Catholic values.”
 
8. A trade war that united the world.
 
Trump became the bully of the global economy, using the immense leverage of the US market and the close to $3 trillion of foreign goods and services Americans buy every year to bludgeon allies and foes alike into rewriting trade pacts and offering favorable concessions. For the most part, the rest of the world stood firm, either granting minor compromises or simply fighting back. The EU, Canada, and Mexico all retaliated against Trump’ metal tariffs by slapping duties on US products, all while clearing a path for the very thing that Trump claims to be striving to prevent: a dominant China and a diminished US.
 
9. More than 460 rockets were fired at Israel.
 
Last November was a turning point in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, when Israel faced the most intense rocket barrage from Gaza since the 2014 war, as Palestinian resistant groups opened fire in response to a botched Israeli commando raid inside the besieged Strip. The rockets and mortars filled the skies with explosions and sent thousands of illegal Israeli settlers fleeing to bomb shelters. The fighting forced Tel Aviv to head towards a ceasefire deal. The Occupation and its supporters must understand that unless Palestinians live in peace, they won’ live in peace. Playing with the lives of Palestinians can’ be without a price,”slamic Jihad said after the deal.
 
10. America is isolated and the world is doing great.
 
Trump's vision for US foreign policy of "America First" has led to "America Isolated." The US is standing alone on more key global issues than ever before. And America's seductive sheen of "soft power" has been diminished. In Iran, Russia, China, all hopes that Trump would improve relations and usher in a new period of cooperation, are dead. On balance, the tectonic plates of global power are shifting toward a multilateral system of global governance and cooperation.
 
So there you have it. Despite Trump in the White House and the rise of right-wing movements around the globe, 2018 was still full of good things. Who knows, this might even mark the winding down of the disastrous wars that the US has waged on itself and the rest of the world for so many years.
 
Document FARSNA0020181231eecv000gp




Zarif: US military presence in Persian Gulf illegal, source of tension
 
645 words
29 December 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Iranian Foreign Minister criticized the US illegal military presence in the Persian Gulf, saying it creates tension in the region.
 
"We believed from the outset that the US presence in the Persian Gulf is not only illegal, but also a source of tension,”arif told China’ Phoenix TV in an interview aired Friday night.
 
Zarif pointed to arrival of a US aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf, saying it would not have a positive effect” rather it would cause tension. Whenever Americans have increased their presence in the Persian Gulf, all Persian Gulf states have faced dangers.”
 
The USS John C. Stennis entered the body of water on December 21, ending a long absence of US aircraft carriers in the region.
 
The top Iranian diplomat said the US presence is harmful to the Middle East.
 
"Iran is a powerful country and it can defend its interests but America's presence can be detrimental to the region," he added.
 
Responding to the question that Chinese analysts believe that after six months, Iran has no option but to negotiate with the United States, Zarif said Chinese experts will change their mind after six months.
 
"We will never negotiate with the United States in a state of emergency. Iran was not the party that left negotiations,”e said.
 
Zarif noted that it was the US that withdrew from the 2015 nuclear deal in May and ended negotiations.
 
"I think Chinese analysts will come to the conclusion that the United States has no choice but to change its decision," the Iranian minister said.
 
US President Donald Trump reimposed sanctions on Iran lifted under the landmark deal after pulling Washington out of it. The sanctions targeted Iran’ oil exports and banking sectors among other things.
 
Washington had been pushing governments to cut imports of Iranian oil to zero, but it granted Iran’ biggest buyers –hina, India, South Korea, Japan, Italy, Greece, Taiwan and Turkey –anctions waivers.
 
Zarif said the United States cannot stop Iranian oil sales and if it wants to do so, it has to adopt policies that would plunge the world into chaos.”
 
Zarif added that it would be difficult to strike a deal better than the current one with world powers three years ago and that a new accord, if Iran agrees to negotiate, would not be much different from the current one.
 
Answering a question about the European Union trade mechanism for Iran to bypass US sanctions, Zarif said Iran has set up special payment channels with its key trade partners including China and Russia.
 
Europe is not our most important trading partner. Our main partners are China, Russia and our neighbors. We have created our own mechanisms with these countries.”
 
He said European parties to the nuclear deal which include Germany, France and Britain must demonstrate their responsibilities”nd if they fail to do so, that means Europe cannot be a reliable partner for the world.”
 
European countries are trying to set up a special purpose vehicle (SPV) to allow non-dollar trade with Iran.
 
The SPV would act as a clearing house that could be used to help match Iranian oil and gas exports to purchases of EU goods, circumventing US sanctions which are based on the global use of the dollar for oil trading.
 
Diplomats have said that France and Germany are to take joint responsibility for the mechanism which is expected to be launched in January.
 
The European Union has so far enabled its lending arm, the European Investment Bank, to add Iran to a list of countries with which it does business and introduced a law to shield European companies from US sanctions.
 
Zarif said Europeans have said that they were working on a financial mechanism, but we never waited for Europe and we are not waiting.”
 
Document IRADLY0020181229eect000gx




 
 
Iran Sends New Envoy to Seoul to Further Broaden Bilateral Ties
 
980 words
26 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
During the Wednesday meeting held at Cheong Wa Dae, known as the Blue House, Moon Jae-in said that Iran is an important partner for South Korea, highlighting that cooperation between the two countries has always followed a developing trend, even in the hardest conditions like when Iraq imposed war on Iran”
 
Reassuring that problems will be solved between the two countries, the South Korean head of state appreciated Iran's efforts in maintaining compromising policy in Korean Peninsula.
 
Meanwhile, Shabestari underlined the importance of promoting bilateral cooperation in political, economic, cultural and parliamentary fields.
 
Expressing Iran's support of Korea’ policies and plans, the Iranian diplomat also praised South Korea's role in promoting nuclear non-proliferation in Korean Peninsula.
 
Referring to the US illegal and unilateral withdrawal from Iran deal and causing problems in banking and financial fields over the recent months, he expressed hope for the removal of problems.
 
In addition to economic and political fields, Iran and South Korea enjoy close cooperation in cultural, social and sports sectors, he said.
 
Shabestari replaced Hassan Taherian who had served as the Iranian ambassador to Seoul since 2014.
 
Shabestari had previously served as the Director General for East Asia and Oceania at the Iranian Foreign Ministry and the charge d’ffairs in the Iranian embassy in Beijing, China.
 
Earlier on November 19, South Korean Ambassador to Iran Ryu Jeong-hyun said his country is determined to keep doing trade with Iran despite US pressures, and reassured that Iran will overcome the US unilateral sanctions.
 
Hailing Tehran-Seoul diplomatic relations dating back to 1962, South Korean envoy in Iran ascertained that the two countries can proceed with commercial relations.
 
The diplomat made the remarks during his visit to Iranian northern city of Rasht where he met with the members of the city council and told them that, Iran will surely overcome unilateral sanctions.”
 
Noting that South Korea has been exempted from Iran-related sanctions, he noted that his country can continue trade with Iran and buy oil from it.
 
Ties might not be good at present. But I promise you they will be excellent in the future,”e said.
 
"Mutual cooperation cannot be limited to merely importing oil from Iran; rather they can be promoted to global and regional spheres," he said.
 
Referring to Ramsar protocol, the envoy said that the protocol maintains that Iran pays due attention to environmental issues.
 
I will do all within my power to overcome problems faced by the two countries in the field of environment and global issues,”e said.
 
I will support a sisterhood agreement between Rasht and one of the South Korean cities,”e said, noting that Rasht is one of the Iranian pioneer cities in the field of culture and agriculture.
 
Head of Rasht Council Seyed Amirhossein Alavi, for his part, said that mutual interactions will surely benefit both sides.
 
He also voiced willingness for exchanging experience and using South Korean capacities in all fields, particularly environment.
 
On November 07, Iran and South Korea reached an agreement to use South Korean national currency (won) in bilateral trade to bypass the US sanctions.
 
A day before that, the US announced South Korea, along with seven other countries, will be granted waivers on Iranian crude oil purchases. US exemptions were later extended to include Iraq and Afghanistan, making a total of 10 countries excused from US consequences.
 
On November 12, The Southern Iranian province of Bushehr and a South Korean trade and commercial delegation signed five memoranda of understanding (MoUs) to boost bilateral relations and mutual cooperation between the two countries.
 
The waiver would enable South Korean refiners to continue the purchase of Iranian condensate, which is ultralight oil used for various petrochemical products, according to South Korean news agency Yonhap.
 
Following the waiver South Korean Vice Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy Cheong Seung-il, said the move has considerably eased uncertainties surrounding trade with Iran", adding that the Korean government will continue to provide liquidity assistance to small and medium-sized companies experiencing difficulties doing business with Iran and explore alternative markets", according to Yonhap.
 
Yonhap went on to add that the two sides will restart the won-based settlement of bilateral trade transactions via the Central Bank of Iran (CBI)'s accounts at two South Korean banks: Woori Bank and the Industrial Bank of Korea (IBK).
 
The news agency quoted a source as saying that it’ expected to provide South Korean firms with more opportunities for the trade of non-sanctions items such as medical products, processed food and home appliances, although the exports of some products including steel and automobile parts will be affected by the sanctions.”
 
South Korea is the third-largest buyer of Iranian oil after China and India.
 
South Korea has broad economic relations with Iran and is also a big buyer of oil and gas products from Iran. Seoul was among the first 8 countries which the US exempted from the unilateral sanctions of Washington against Tehran.
 
South Korean officials have on numerous occasions reiterated the resolute will of their country to expand bilateral ties with Iran and a in a related front in February, South Korea's Ambassador to Tehran Kim Seung Ho underscored that Seoul supports the Korean companies' further cooperation and investment in Iran.
 
"The strategy of the South Korean government is based on further consolidation of ties between the two countries and the government is highly willing to see the Korean companies' cooperation and investment in Iran," Kim said, addressing economic activists in Iran's Northern province of Semnan on Sunday night.
 
He reminded dependence of his country's economy to the oil industry, and said Iran is the second supplier of South Korea's oil resources.
 
Kim also stressed further strengthening of relations between Tehran and Seoul.
 
Document FARSNA0020181226eecq000jk




 
 
Judiciary Chief Raps US for Targeting Iranians’ivelihood
 
834 words
24 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Ayatollah Amoli Larijani called for attention to how Iranian’ livelihood and economy is being targeted by some Westerners” saying that the US economic war agansit Iran hand-in-hand with psychological operations are meant to divide between officials and ordinary people.
 
Authorities must take steps to solve the economic problems and the people must also be vigilant of the enemy's psychological operations so that, with the prudence of the authorities and the insight of the people, we can neutralize the enemy's conspiracy against the system based on freedom and moral and religious values, and proudly continue our journey,”e added.
 
In a related front on Sunday, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said all capacities of the country must be mobilized to undermine the negative impacts of the US sanctions, highlighting that defeating the US policy of bringing Iran's oil exports to zero must stand atop the national agenda.
 
The Iranian top diplomat made the remarks in a meeting with Iranian lawmakers to present a report on the latest regional and international developments as well as his Ministry’ plans and activities.
 
Using the various capacities of the country to meet the people's needs under the sanctions and defeating the US policy of bringing Iran's oil exports to zero and strong resistance against US pressures, inter alia, were some of the issues brought up by the Foreign Minister at the meeting,”ne of the MPs present in the meeting recounted.
 
In a related front last week, Zarif underlined that the US sanctions have always been ineffective to change the policies of Iran, highlighting that Washington’ embargos just hurt ordinary people.
 
"They (sanctions) hurt ordinary Iranians but don't change (Iran’) policy," he said in a post on his official Twitter account.
 
Referring to the policy adopted by the previous US administration to start talks with Iran over the country's nuclear program, Iran's diplomatic chief said, "It was U-turn on part of US, which allowed #IranTalks to proceed. Same dynamic today," in a clear reference to the fact that instead of withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal, the new American government had better settle its disputes with Iran at the negotiating table.
 
Zarif added in his Twitter post that Iran and the remaining signatories to the JCPOA "are at table," emphasizing that "it is [the] US, which has decided to walk away and sow violence & chaos."
 
Earlier on December 15, Zarif told the forum in Qatari capital city of Doha that Iran has survived all the US pressures and sanctions in the past 40 years, highlighting that the ones who abandon engagement with Tehran will be the losers.
 
Trump has called for negotiations despite his hostile policies, and we have responded to him that if he was joking,”e highlighted there.
 
Earlier on November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Document FARSNA0020181224eeco0008q




 
 
Zarif Says Defeating US’nti-Iran Policies Important
 
976 words
24 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Foreign Minister Zarif attended a meeting of the National Security and Foreign Policy Committee of Iranian Parliament on Sunday where he stressed the necessity of properly using potentials against the anti-Iran US policies.
 
The Iranian top diplomat presented a report on the latest regional and international developments as well as his Ministry’ plans and activities in Sunday meeting with the lawmakers, the Spokesman of the Committee Ali Najafi Khorshroodi recounted what happened in the event.
 
Using the various capacities of the country to meet the people's needs under the sanctions and defeating the US policy of bringing Iran's oil exports to zero and strong resistance against US pressures, inter alia, were some of the issues brought up by the Foreign Minister at the meeting,”horshroodi said.
 
Najafi Khoshroudi stated that in the meeting, Zarif had emphasized the importance of relations with neighbors and the need for more coordination among government apparatuses in dealing with foreign affairs.
 
The senior MP added that the foreign minister also stressed the parliament’ potentials to advance the foreign policy and more support for the diplomatic apparatus to tackle problems facing national interests”
 
The spokesman further added the Foreign Ministry’ special attention to economic diplomacy and paying attention to public confidence as the biggest back up for countering pressures and sanctions were other issues raised in the meeting.”
 
In a related front last week, Zarif underlined that the US sanctions have always been ineffective to change the policies of Iran, highlighting that Washington’ embargos just hurt ordinary people.
 
"They (sanctions) hurt ordinary Iranians but don't change (Iran’) policy," he said in a post on his official Twitter account.
 
Referring to the policy adopted by the previous US administration to start talks with Iran over the country's nuclear program, Iran's diplomatic chief said, "It was U-turn on part of US, which allowed #IranTalks to proceed. Same dynamic today," in a clear reference to the fact that instead of withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal, the new American government had better settle its disputes with Iran at the negotiating table.
 
Zarif added in his Twitter post that Iran and the remaining signatories to the JCPOA "are at table," emphasizing that "it is [the] US, which has decided to walk away and sow violence & chaos."
 
Earlier on Saturday December 15, Zarif told the forum in Qatari capital city of Doha that Iran has survived all the US pressures and sanctions in the past 40 years, highlighting that the ones who abandon engagement with Tehran will be the losers.
 
Trump has called for negotiations despite his hostile policies, and we have responded to him that if he was joking,”e highlighted there.
 
Earlier on November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
The other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran, President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, two months later, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
Document FARSNA0020181224eeco0006p




 
 
Exclusive: Global Traders Halt New Iran Food Deals As US Sanctions Bite - Sources
 
989 words
22 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Food, medicine and other humanitarian supplies are exempt from sanctions Washington reimposed this year after US President Donald Trump said in May he was walking away from a 2015 international deal over Iran’ nuclear program.
 
But the US measures targeting everything from oil sales to shipping and financial activities have deterred many foreign banks from all Iranian business, including humanitarian deals. Many smaller banks that had dealt with Iran under a previous round of sanctions have also stopped dealings this time.
 
There is no real chance of being paid using the existing mechanisms and many international traders are unable to do new business for the moment,”aid one European source with knowledge of the situation, who declined to be identified.
 
Western and Iranian trade sources said US groups Cargill [CARG.UL] and Bunge (BG.N), as well as Singapore’ Olam (OLAM.SI), were among those which could not conclude new export deals for wheat, corn, raw sugar or other commodities because Western banks would not process payments with Iran.
 
Cargill, Bunge and Olam all declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.
 
US sanctions took full effect on Nov. 5 after a winding-down period, although Washington has issued temporary waivers for some of its allies which depend on imported Iranian oil.
 
CLOSING DOWN CHANNELS
 
Iran, which relies heavily on imported food staples, has years of experience working around U.S and other Western sanctions, which were progressively tightened between 2012 and 2015 until Iran reached a deal over its nuclear program. Many sanctions were lifted in 2016 after the pact.
 
Under the earlier round of sanctions, Iran had turned to a dwindling number of foreign banks that continued to act as a conduit for payments to keep food and other trade flowing.
 
But this time round, many of those foreign banking channels are closing down. Three Iranian officials told Reuters that banking issues were to blame for halting food and other trade.
 
An official with Iranian Industry, Mines and Trade Industry said only a handful of small European banks”ith no or little interaction with the United States were still doing business with Iran, and they were only involved in small-scale purchases.
 
We are in talks with Europeans to expand this network of banks and financial institutions,”he ministry official said.
 
But right now, many companies including Cargill and Bunge have informed us about (banking) difficulties that will force them to stop their dealings with Iran,”e said.
 
Swiss lender Banque de Commerce et de Placements (BCP), one of those banks that had been involved in humanitarian-related dealings in the past, said in May it was suspending all new business with Iran.
 
Washington blacklisted Germany-based Europaeisch-Iranische Handelsbank AG (EIH) in November, shutting out an institution that financial sources said had been involved in limited business with Iran between 2012 and 2016.
 
EIH did not respond to requests for comment.
 
Several Western banks that had started business with Iran since 2016 have reversed course. Austria’ Oberbank (OBER.VI), one of the first European banks to reach a deal on new business with Iran, said in June it was stopping.
 
Other banks have followed suit, including Denmark’ Danske Bank (DANSKE.CO) and Germany’ DZ Bank.
 
Belgium’ KBC (KBC.BR) said in June it would limit Iran-related transactions to humanitarian trade.
 
The bank did not say if it was still processing such payments when asked by Reuters in December, but said it reviews its policy on a regular basis in full respect of all relevant regulations”
 
Dutch bank ABN AMRO (ABNd.AS) said it had facilitated transactions related to food, healthcare, medical equipment and agriculture to a limited extent and with specific clients. But it also told Reuters the recent restrictive measures on Iranian banks do pose challenges.”
 
CAUTION
 
For many foreign banks, it is easier to end any Iranian activity than try to navigate the US sanctions rulebook and run the risk of slipping up and facing penalties, bankers said.
 
There is super caution now,”aid a European financial source involved in Iranian transactions in the past, saying rules on food and other humanitarian dealings were complex.
 
If goods are shipped for instance to an Iranian distributor, who then sells them on and not directly to an end buyer, banks will increasingly look at such a transaction as commercial rather than humanitarian,”he source said.
 
A US Treasury spokesperson said Washington offered broad authorizations and exceptions under sanctions that enabled sales of agricultural commodities, food, medicine and medical devices to Iran by US and non-US citizens.
 
US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in November the Belgium-based SWIFT financial messaging service could be used for humanitarian deals, but added: Banks must be very careful that these are not disguised transactions or they could be subject to certain sanctions.”
 
The European Union, a signatory to the nuclear pact and which urged Washington not to walk away, said its efforts to set up a mechanism to facilitate trade and circumvent US sanctions could be in place by the end of the year.
 
EU diplomats have said the mechanism could focus on humanitarian items rather than the oil trade.
 
Switzerland is also working on a humanitarian payment channel, but no timeframe has been given.
 
However, banks remain cautious.
 
Even deals that were already concluded earlier this year are affected and vessels carrying goods can’ discharge as payments can’ be processed or take a long time to clear,”aid another European source with trading activities in Iran.
 
Data on Dec. 21 from global shipping intelligence platform MarineTraffic showed 16 ships had been waiting to unload cargoes of commodities and goods, including foodstuffs, for at least two weeks at Iran’ ports of Bandar Abbas and Bandar Imam Khomeini. Four of the 16 vessels had been waiting since October.
 
Document FARSNA0020181222eecm0005t




Iran, Turkey express dismay over regional impacts of sanctions
 
562 words
21 December 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
TEHRAN –ran and Turkey issued a joint statement on Thursday criticizing the U.S. move in leaving the 2015 nuclear deal and ordering sanctions on Iran.
 
They said Washington’ decision will negatively influence economic relations between regional countries.
 
The statement was issued at the end of the High Council for Iran-Turkey Strategic Cooperation in Ankara chaired by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
 
Despite the sanctions, the two countries agreed to boost their trade and economic ties to the target goal of $30 billion per year.
 
Tehran and Ankara also called for closer bilateral relations in various areas, especially economy, politics and fight against terrorism.
 
Expansion of ties between the two neighbors will contribute to regional peace and stability, the statement added.
 
Iran and Turkey also called for comprehensive efforts to protect the nuclear deal, officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), calling it the fruit of multilateral diplomacy at the global stage.
 
President Donald Trump withdrew the U.S. unilaterally from the 2015 nuclear deal in May and ordered sanctions against Iran. The first round of sanctions went into force on August 6 and the second round, which targets Iran’ oil exports and banks, were snapped back on November 4.
 
Iran, Turkey reaffirm commitment to Syria’ sovereignty
 
In their joint statement, Iran and Turkey also reaffirmed their commitment to protecting the Syrian sovereignty, territorial integrity and political unity.
 
They praised the achievements of the Astana peace process which has been underway between Syria’ warring parties since January 2017, saying negotiations should continue in parallel with counter-terrorism battles in an effort to find a peaceful solution to the crisis in the country, Press TV reported.
 
Rouhani: No third country can harm Tehran-Ankara ties
 
During a joint press conference with Erdogan, Rouhani said that no third country can harm relations between Tehran and Ankara.
 
Nobody, no power and no country is able to harm Tehran-Ankara friendly and brotherly ties,”e said.
 
He praised the Turkish government’ firm stance in supporting Tehran in the face of illegal”nd cruel sanctions”y the United States.
 
The U.S. act in quitting the JCPOA is against international law, Rouhani asserted, adding that Washington’ action in imposing sanctions is a terrorist act”
 
He said the time to take bullying”ctions has gone and countries take decision based on common interests”
 
For his part, Erdogan said that Turkey is determined to expand relations with Iran.
 
He said that all sides should make efforts to preserve the nuclear deal.
 
Turkey does not support the U.S. sanctions against a neighboring country and will stand beside Iran, Erdogan remarked.
 
During a meeting with Iranian and Turkish businessmen, Rouhani also said that Iran will provide energy to Turkey for a long term.
 
Rouhani also said his country backs investment by Turkish private sector in Iranian energy market.
 
No country can affect Iran-Turkey economic relations and that sanctions can turn into opportunity to increase interaction, Rouhani stated.
 
We believe that cruel and unfair sanctions against the Iranian people can turn into a very golden and valuable situation to link the two countries’conomies in a way that no threat and action can harm it,”he president remarked.
 
NA/PA
 
Document TEHRNT0020181221eecl000p3




 
 
Speaker’ Advisor: Iran, Russia, Turkey to Defeat US Sanctions
 
1,443 words
21 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Senior Advisor to the Iranian Parliament Speaker Hossein Amir Abdollahian said, today in a post on his Twitter page, that by breaking the US sanctions, Iran, Turkey, and Russia can encourage Europe to be self-confident and stand against US pressures.
 
Amir Abdollahian added that Iran, Turkey, Russia can bring sanctions to its knees”nd can teach Europe to not rely on the United States and pursue an independent foreign policy.
 
Europe will gain confidence and could start a new political life with less reliance on the United States,”he Iranian parliamentary official added in his post.
 
He also called for establishment of new arrangements in the international politics by using the new opportunities.”
 
Earlier in mid-November, Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister for Political Affairs Seyed Abbas Araqchi said that the US sanctions against Iran undermine Europe’ sovereignty, security and credibility rather than targeting Iran's economy.
 
The Iranian senior diplomat made the remarks while visiting Madrid for talks with senior Spanish officials.
 
"We are waiting to see how Europe will defend its sovereignty against Washington's pressure," Araqchi underlined.
 
He further said the international community, except one or two countries, has condemned the US move to re-impose "unlawful" sanctions against Iran in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231, which endorses the JCPOA.
 
However, the US is using its economic power and the dollar to impose its own demands on other countries, he added, noting that European companies seem to be taking US orders more seriously than those of their own governments.
 
The senior Iranian diplomat pointed to the latest report by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that confirmed for the 13th times the Islamic Republic's adherence to its commitments under the JCPOA and said the "unreasonable and illogical" US exit from the JCPOA would lead to countries' lack of trust in dialogue, diplomacy and the Security Council's strategies.
 
Earlier on November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181221eecl000dz




Araqchi meets Finnish officials in Helsinki
 
451 words
19 December 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
TEHRAN –ranian Deputy Foreign Minister for Political Affairs Abbas Araqchi, who was on tour of Finland, held separate meetings with a number of Finnish officials in Helsinki, according to the Foreign Ministry website.
 
On Tuesday, Araqchi met Finnish Secretary of State for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Matti Anttonen and Under-Secretary of State Anne Sipilainen.
 
He also held talks with Pertti Salolainen, the vice chairperson of the Finnish Parliament Foreign Affairs Committee, who is also the head of Finland-Iran parliamentary friendship group.
 
During the meetings, the two sides conferred on the latest developments regarding the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, regional issues, and mutual cooperation between Tehran and Helsinki.
 
The Finnish officials underlined Helsinki’ full support for the nuclear agreement, officially known as Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), describing it as a great political, diplomatic, multilateral, and security achievement.
 
They also expressed the Finnish government’ resolve to develop cooperation with Iran, noting that Finnish companies are still interested in being present in Iranian market and promoting cooperation with the Islamic Republic. However, they said, companies are waiting for the European Union to prepare the grounds.
 
In addition, they said, the Finish government is trying to provide facilities for small- and medium-sized companies in Iran.
 
Araqchi, for his part, highlighted the significant role the JCPOA plays in developing Iran’ cooperation and transactions with other countries, including Finland.
 
The fate of the JCPOA, which is a great achievement of diplomacy and security, has been seriously challenged and threatened as a result of the U.S. withdrawal,”he top Iranian diplomat said.
 
By leaving the nuclear deal, he said, the U.S. is undermining not only the JCPOA but also the independence and sovereignty of other countries as well as the global efforts for non-proliferation.”
 
He also hailed the EU for its praiseworthy”olitical support for the nuclear pact. However, he said, The EU’ political support is valuable, but not enough. European countries must take operational steps to safeguard the JCPOA.”
 
Araqchi also pointed to the re-imposition of U.S. sanctions against Iran, saying the policy of sanction is a failed one.
 
Iran has lived with sanctions for years, and has even made considerable achievements under sanctions. The language of respect must replace the language of sanction and threat.”
 
He added that Tehran welcomes the Finnish government’ political resolve to continue and expand all-out cooperation with Tehran, expressing the hope that further efforts will be made to develop mechanisms and proper solutions in order to facilitate the presence of Finnish companies, especially the small- and medium-sized ones, in Iran.
 
SP/PA
 
Document TEHRNT0020181219eecj000vl




 
 
Europeans must take operational steps to safeguard JCPOA
 
411 words
19 December 2018
Iranian Students News Agency
IRSTNA
English
©018, Iranian Students News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure ></figure>
 
Araqchi on Tuesday met the Finnish Foreign Ministry’ Permanent State Secretary Matti Anttonen and Under-Secretary of State Anne Sipilänen.
 
He also held talks with Pertti Salolainen, the vice chairperson of the Finnish Parliament’ Foreign Affairs Committee, who is also the head of Finland-Iran Parliamentary Friendship Group.
 
During the meetings, the two sides conferred on the latest developments regarding the Iran nuclear deal, regional issues, and mutual cooperation between Tehran and Helsinki.
 
The Finnish officials underlined the country’ full support for the 2015 nuclear agreement, known as Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), and described it as a great political, diplomatic, multilateral, and security achievement.
 
They also expressed the Finnish government’ resolve to develop its cooperation with Iran, and said the Finnish companies are still interested in being present in Iranian markets and promoting their cooperation with the Islamic Republic, but are waiting for the European Union to prepare the grounds.
 
In addition, they said, the government of Finland is trying to provide facilities for small- and medium-sized companies.
 
Araqchi, for his part, highlighted the significant role the JCPOA plays in the development and enhancement of Iran’ cooperation and transactions with other countries, including Finland.
 
The fate of JCPOA, which is a great achievement of diplomacy and security, has been seriously challenged and threatened as a result of the US’ithdrawal,”he Iranian diplomat said.
 
By leaving the nuclear deal, he said, the US is undermining not only the JCPOA but also the independence and sovereignty of other countries as well as the global efforts for non-proliferation.”
 
He also hailed the EU for its praiseworthy”olitical support, and said, The EU’ political support is valuable, but not enough. European countries must take operational steps to safeguard the JCPOA.”
 
Araqchi also pointed to the re-imposition of US sanctions against Iran, and said the policy of sanction is a failed one.
 
Iran has lived with sanctions for years, and has even gained considerable achievements under the sanctions. The language of respect must replace the language of sanction and threat.”
 
He welcomed the Finnish government’ political resolve to continue and expand its all-out cooperation with Tehran, and expressed the hope that further efforts will be made to develop mechanisms and proper solutions in order to facilitate the presence of Finnish companies, especially the small- and medium-sized ones, in Iran.
 
End Item
 
Document IRSTNA0020181219eecj0002u




Zarif: Sanctions only hurt ordinary Iranians but fail to change Tehran’ policy
 
638 words
17 December 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
TEHRAN - Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif on Sunday reiterated that U.S. sanctions will fail to change Iran’ policy, reminding that sanctions only hurt "ordinary Iranians", Press TV reported.
 
In a post on his official Twitter account, Zarif pointed to his attendance at the Doha Forum on Saturday, saying he had told the conference that "sanctions have never worked".
 
"They (sanctions) hurt ordinary Iranians but don't change policy," Zarif remarked.
 
In an open reference to the Trump administration, Zarif said instead of withdrawing from the nuclear deal, the new American government had better settle its disputes with Iran at the negotiating table like what the Obama administration did, which led to the start of nuclear talks.
 
"It was U-turn on part of U.S., which allowed #IranTalks to proceed. Same dynamic today," the chief diplomat suggested.
 
Iran and the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council –he United States, France, Britain, Russia and China –lus Germany signed the multilateral nuclear agreement, officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), on July 14, 2015 and started implementing it on January 16, 2016.
 
Under the JCPOA, Iran undertook to put limits on its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of nuclear-related sanctions.
 
However, President Donald Trump withdrew his country in May from the landmark agreement and ordered reimposition of unilateral sanctions against Tehran.
 
Zarif added in his Twitter post that Iran and the remaining signatories to the JCPOA "are at table," emphasizing that "it is [the] U.S., which has decided to walk away and sow violence & chaos."
 
In his address to the Doha Forum on Saturday, Zarif said economic sanctions will fail to have any impact on the policies of the Islamic Republic at home or abroad.
 
"It's obviously the case that we are facing economic pressure because of the U.S. sanctions. [The] U.S. is a major global power and it can actually create painful conditions for other countries. But would that lead to a change of policy? I can assure you that it won't," he stated, Press TV reported.
 
In November, the Trump administration announced the reimposition of the toughest”anctions ever against Iran's banking and energy sectors with the aim of cutting off the country's oil sales and crucial exports.
 
A first round of American sanctions took effect in August, targeting Iran's access to the U.S. dollar, metals trading, coal, industrial software, and auto sector.
 
The U.S. administration hoped to get the other parties to the deal with Iran to likewise scrap the deal, but instead, they stressed that not only would they stick to the agreement, but they would also work to sustain it in the face of increased U.S. pressure. Europeans believe that the nuclear deal is an important element of international security.
 
In November, Head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI) Ali Akbar Salehi said sanctions will fail to stop the country's progress in different fields.
 
"In spite of sanctions, Iran's achievements in various fields, particularly in the defense and missile industry sectors as well as the nuclear industry have astonished the world," Salehi added.
 
In a letter to United Nations Secretary General Antóio Guterres, the Islamic Republic of Iran Medical Council (IRIMC) said illegal economic sanctions imposed by the United States against Tehran have negative impacts on the country's health sector, calling for an immediate and humanitarian solution to the issue.
 
The illegal U.S. economic sanctions and restrictions in foreign trade have seriously affected Iran's access to health and medical services, medicine and medical essentials, IRIMC President Iradj Fazel and Chairperson of the Supreme Council Mohammad Reza Zafarqandi said.
 
Document TEHRNT0020181217eech000ml




 
 
Zarif: US Hurting People, Unable to Change Iran’ Policies
 
1,348 words
17 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Foreign Minister Zarif pointed to his participation in the Doha Forum 2018 in Qatar and said he had told the conference that US "sanctions have never worked."
 
"They (sanctions) hurt ordinary Iranians but don't change (Iran’) policy," he in a post on his official Twitter account on Sunday.
 
Referring to the policy adopted by the previous US administration to start talks with Iran over the country's nuclear program, Iran's diplomatic chief said, "It was U-turn on part of US, which allowed #IranTalks to proceed. Same dynamic today," in a clear reference to the fact that instead of withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal, the new American government had better settle its disputes with Iran at the negotiating table.
 
Zarif added in his Twitter post that Iran and the remaining signatories to the JCPOA "are at table," emphasizing that "it is [the] US, which has decided to walk away and sow violence & chaos."
 
Earlier on Saturday, Zarif told the forum in Qatari’ capital city of Doha that Iran has survived all the US pressures and sanctions in the past 40 years, highlighting that the ones who abandon engagement with Tehran will be the losers.
 
Trump has called for negotiations despite his hostile policies, and we have responded to him that if he was joking,”e highlighted there.
 
Earlier on November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181217eech0008j




Qatar says US sanctions against Iran ‘ot the way forward’
 
429 words
16 December 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
We are not encouraging unilateral measures against any country. Sanctions are not the way forward to solve a problem,”ohammed bin Abdulrahman al Thani told CNBC.
 
Al Thani said Qatar was not on the same page with other Persian Gulf Arab states that did not support the historic agreement, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA).
 
We see that Iran was also under sanctions for 40 years but we reached an agreement, the international community reached an agreement, and the (P)GCC was excluded from this agreement and this was part of our disagreement on the JCPOA.”
 
Persian Gulf Cooperation Council is the name of a bloc of six Arab states of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, the UAE and Qatar that did not endorse the JCPOA, with some states like Israel, Saudi Arabia and UAE publically supporting the US unilateral withdrawal from the deal.
 
Al Thani hailed the Iran nuclear deal, saying the agreement managed to de-escalate the tensions in the region.
 
He said the US withdrawal from the JCPOA will lead to developments where the region may face a nuclear race, something he believed would be very dangerous.”
 
We encourage the US to come back to the negotiations and to have diplomatic solution because we cannot afford another further escalation in the region.”
 
The US move, he believed, has also complicated the geopolitical fault-lines in the region as well.
 
You can imagine our situation in Qatar. We are between Iran and Saudi Arabia. Both of them are rivals. Also Iran and the US and the US has a very strong relationship with Qatar and this puts us under uncomfortable situation.”
 
US President Donald Trump withdrew his country in May from the landmark Iran nuclear deal and decided to reimpose unilateral sanctions against Tehran.
 
Under the deal, reached between Iran and six major powers –he United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia, and China –ehran agreed to put limits on its nuclear program in exchange for the removal of nuclear-related sanctions.
 
France, Germany and Britain –uropean signatories to world powers’uclear deal with Iran –ave scrambled to come up with measures to preserve its economic benefits for Tehran in bid to salvage the agreement.
 
They have offered Iran a special purpose vehicle (SPV) that would act as a clearing house that could be used to help match Iranian oil and gas exports to purchases of EU goods, circumventing US sanctions which are based on the global use of the dollar for oil trading.
 
Document IRADLY0020181216eecg000e7




 
 
Zarif: Those Quitting Iran to Be Losers
 
1,507 words
16 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Trump has called for negotiations despite his hostile policies, and we have responded to him that if he was joking,”he Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said speaking at the 18th edition of Doha Forum in the Qatari capital on Saturday.
 
Negotiating with Donald Trump's administration is futile,”arif stressed.
 
Iran used to be ready for direct talks with the United States, and we did it, and I spent a lot of time talking with former US Secretary of State John Kerry, the result of which was the nuclear deal, from which Donald Trump pulled out,”he Iranian top diplomat added.
 
He further criticized the US interventionist policy in the region saying that it is America that intervenes in the region while the deployment of Iranian forces has taken place at the request of the governments of the hosting countries.
 
Zarif added, "As long as our national interests are met and the European Union complies with its obligations, we will remain committed to the nuclear deal."
 
According to the Twitter account of the Doha Forum, Zarif underlined that Iran will not change its policies under the US sanctions. "If there is an art we have perfected in Iran -- and we can teach it to others for a price -- it is the art of evading sanctions," he noted.
 
Zarif continued, "We will continue to sell oil and engage with the international community, and the ones who abandoned engagement with us will be the losers."
 
"It's obviously the case that we are facing economic pressure because of the US sanctions. [The] US is a major global power and it can actually create painful conditions for other countries. But would that lead to a change of policy? I can assure you that it won't," Zarif said.
 
"If there is an art, we have perfected in Iran and can teach to others for a price, it is the art of evading sanctions," he added.
 
Although the US has put so much pressure on Iran over the past 40 years, the Islamic Republic has managed to survive, he said.
 
"We've survived against the United States, against the will of the United States for the last 40 years, and I believe we will survive for the next 40 years," the top Iranian diplomat pointed out.
 
Earlier on November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181216eecg0000s




US sanctions will fail to change Iran policies: FM Zarif
 
1,131 words
15 December 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
"It's obviously the case that we are facing economic pressure because of the US sanctions. [The] US is a major global power and it can actually create painful conditions for other countries. But would that lead to a change of policy? I can assure you that it won't," Zarif said in an address to the Doha Forum 2018 in Qatar on Saturday.
 
"If there is an art, we have perfected in Iran and can teach to others for a price, it is the art of evading sanctions," he added.
 
Although the US has put so much pressure on Iran over the past 40 years, the Islamic Republic has managed to survive, he said, Presstv reported.
 
"We've survived against the United States, against the will of the United States for the last 40 years, and I believe we will survive for the next 40 years," the top Iranian diplomat pointed out.
 
US President Donald Trump withdrew his country in May from the multilateral Iran nuclear agreement, officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), and decided to re-impose unilateral sanctions against Tehran.
 
Under the deal, reached between Iran and six major powers - the US, Britain, France, Germany, Russia and China, Tehran agreed to put limits on its nuclear program in exchange for the removal of nuclear-related sanctions.
 
In November, the Trump administration announced the re-imposition of the toughest”anctions ever against Iran's banking and energy sectors with the aim of cutting off the country's oil sales and crucial exports.
 
A first round of American sanctions took effect in August, targeting Iran's access to the US dollar, metals trading, coal, industrial software, and auto sector.
 
The US administration hoped to get the other parties to the deal with Iran to likewise scrap the deal, but instead, they stressed that not only would they stick to the agreement, but they would also work to sustain it in the face of increased US pressure. Europeans believe that the nuclear deal is an important element of international security.
 
Zarif further said there was room for talks with the US but that Washington must "respect the outcome of the talks" they already had, in reference to the nuclear negotiations leading to the conclusion of the JCPOA.
 
"I can tell you as somebody who did all the talking for that document (the JCPOA) that neither Iran nor the United States can get a better document. So there is room for talk. But you need first to respect the outcome of the talks you already had," he added.
 
The Iranian foreign minister said, "There is no reason to engage in talks while the results of long and very difficult talks are still up in the air and the United States is actively trying to undermine those results."
 
Saudi Arabia wants increasing tension in Middle East
 
Elsewhere in his speech, Zarif said Saudi Arabia intended to increase tension in the Middle East, referring to the ongoing crisis in Yemen and the gruesome murder of Saudi dissident journalist Jamal Khashoggi, which is widely believed to have been ordered by Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
 
"Unfortunately, Saudi Arabia does not want to reduce tension. Actually, Saudi Arabia believes that it is in its interest to increase tension," the Iranian foreign minister added.
 
He held the US and its ally Saudi Arabia accountable for the "humanitarian nightmare" in war-ravaged Yemen.
 
He emphasized that if the US and its Western allies, who have supported Saudi Arabia under all conditions, wanted to have more stability in the Middle East, they "need to show that bad behavior would get a bad response."
 
Khashoggi, a one-time royal insider who had been critical of the crown prince recently, was killed after entering the Saudi consulate in Istanbul in early October.
 
Following weeks of denial of any involvement in Khashoggi's disappearance, the Saudi regime eventually acknowledged the premeditated”urder, but has sought to distance the heir to the Saudi throne from the assassination.
 
A Saudi prosecutor said Khashoggi’ body had been dismembered, removed from the diplomatic mission and handed to an unidentified local cooperator.”
 
The CIA is said to have concluded that the crown prince was behind the killing, but Trump is yet to endorse the assessment.
 
Zarif also dismissed claims that Iran had armed fighters from the Houthi Ansarullah movement, noting there were "facts" that other countries had shipped arms.
 
"We have never provided weapons to Houthis. They have enough weapons, they don't need weapons from Iran," he said.
 
"I don't need to show any evidence about the jets that were flying in Yemen bombing the Yemenis. Those are American-made jets and those are Saudi fighters, I assume, which are piloting those jets," Zarif stated.
 
"If there are allegations about Iranian weapons, there are facts about US weapons, facts about Saudis bombing the hell out of the Yemenis," he added.
 
Leading a coalition of its allies, Saudi Arabia invaded Yemen in March 2015 in an attempt to reinstall Yemen’ ex-president, Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, who had resigned amid popular discontent and fled to Riyadh.
 
The imposed war initially consisted of an aerial campaign, but was later coupled with a naval blockade and the deployment of ground mercenaries to Yemen. Furthermore, armed militia forces loyal to Hadi, in line with invaders, launch frequent attacks against Yemeni people in regions held by Houthis.
 
Since the onset of aggression, the Yemeni army, backed by fighters from the Houthi Ansarullah movement, has been defending the impoverished nation against the invaders. The coalition is also resolute to crush the movement as another goal in its war on Yemen, which is teetering on the edge of famine.
 
The Saudi-led war has also taken a heavy toll on the country’ infrastructure, destroying hospitals, schools, and factories. The UN has said that a record 22.2 million Yemenis are in dire need of food, including 8.4 million threatened by severe hunger. According to the world body, Yemen is suffering from the most severe famine in more than 100 years.
 
A number of Western countries, the US and Britain in particular, are also accused of being complicit in the ongoing aggression as they supply the Riyadh regime with advanced weapons and military equipment as well as logistical and intelligence assistance.
 
Earlier this month, the United Nations said the humanitarian crisis in Yemen, already the worst in the world, would deteriorate in 2019.
 
The country with the biggest problem in 2019 is going to be Yemen,”aid Mark Lowcock, the head of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), in a press conference in the Swiss city of Geneva. Resource: presstv
 
Document IRADLY0020181215eecf000mi




Zarif: US in no position to talk about Resolution 2231
 
740 words
15 December 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif reiterated the country’ policy on its missile program and said the United States is in no position to talk about the UN Security Council Resolution 2231.
 
Zarif made the remarks Saturday in an interview with Aljezeera, which was held on the sidelines of Doha Forum 2018.
 
In response to a question concerning the US claims on Iran missile tests, Zarif said, First, Iran's missiles are defensive, we need them for deterrence, we use far less for military and anybody else in the region and that is why we have said from the beginning that our missiles are not negotiable.”
 
The second point is that the United States is in clear violation of the Security Council Resolution 2231 by withdrawing from the JCPOA [Iran nuclear deal] so it puts them in no position to talk about that resolution because they have tried to destroy the resolution. The resolution stands in spite of them not because of them,”e added.
 
The third point is that the resolution is very clear. It does not prohibit Iran from testing missiles but the resolution refers to missiles that are designed to be capable of carrying nuclear warheads and the nuclear deal and Resolution 2231 have verified that Iran does not seek nuclear weapons, the Iranian foreign minister added.
 
Iranian officials have repeatedly underscored that the country will not hesitate to strengthen its military capabilities, including its missile power, which are entirely meant for defense, and that Iran’ defense capabilities will be never subject to negotiations.
 
JCPOA, a major achievement
 
Commenting on the future of the nuclear agreement (the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action), Zarif said, I think this deal is a major diplomatic achievement in which the entire international community believes and which the entire international community wants to uphold.”
 
The United States has done its best to undermine it to destroy it but the rest of the world don’ seem to be prepared to simply accept the US bully,”e added.
 
Tensions between Iran and the US have escalated since US President Donald Trump walked away from the nuclear deal between Iran and world powers in May and re-imposed sanctions on the Islamic Republic.
 
Zarif stressed that US sanctions will have no impact on the policies of the Islamic Republic at home or abroad, AFP reported.
 
"It is obvious that we are facing pressure by the US sanctions. But will that lead to a change in policy? I can assure you it won't," Zarif told the Doha Forum policy conference in Qatar.
 
"If there is an art we have perfected in Iran and can teach to others for a price, it is the art of evading sanctions," he added.
 
The US imposed two sets of sanctions on Iran this year, after earlier unilaterally pulling out of the Iran nuclear deal with global powers.
 
Houthis’eapons
 
Zarif also once again rejected the allegations that Iran provides weapons to the Houthi movement in Yemen.
 
He said there were only "allegations" that Iran had sent weapons to Yemen, whereas there were "facts" that other countries had shipped arms.
 
"I don't need to show any evidence about the jets that were flying in Yemen bombing the Yemenis.
 
"Those are American-made jets and those are Saudi fighters, I assume, which are piloting those jets," Zarif said.
 
Zarif said the United States and its ally Saudi Arabia were responsible for the "humanitarian nightmare" in war-torn Yemen.
 
"We've never provided weapons to Houthis. The Houthis use the weapons provided to them by Saudi Arabia ... with Saudi money buying weapons from Russia, buying weapons from China, and buying weapons from North Korea ... You are looking at the wrong address if you ask Iran," Zarif said, according to Sputnik.
 
He said they bought them from Saudi Arabia when Ali Abdullah Saleh was in power.
 
Riyadh seeking tension
 
Saudi Arabia is interested in increasing tensions in the region, and the examples of blockade of Qatar and the military operation in Yemen prove that, the Iranian top diplomat said.
 
"Unfortunately, Saudi Arabia does not want to reduce tensions.”
 
Actually, Saudi Arabia believes that it is in its interest to increase tensions. Look at what they did with Qatar. Look at how they imprisoned the prime minister of another country. Look at what they are doing in Yemen," Zarif said.
 
Document IRADLY0020181215eecf000jy




Chabahar port, Iran’ wining card in trade with South Asia, CIS
 
1,503 words
14 December 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
CHABAHAR- In southeastern Iran, on the Gulf of Oman, there is a port city called Chabahar which is the home for Iran's only oceanic port. Due to its strategic geographical positioning, Chabahar port holds a great significance for Iran both politically and economically.
 
After years of negotiation, Iran has awarded the development project of this port to India, and the South Asian country committed $500 million to build two new berths in this port.
 
However, after the U.S. reimposed sanctions on Iran in November, the future of many Iranian projects including Chabahar port were shadowed by the consequences of the sanctions.
 
But following several rounds of negotiations and discussions with New Delhi, the U.S. administration finally exempted the Chabahar project from the sanctions.
 
The new improvements around this important port intrigued the Tehran Times to pay a visit to Chabahar and conduct an interview with Behrouz Aghaie, the director general of Ports and Maritime Department of Sistan-Baluchestan Province (where Chabahar lies). What follows is the gist of the interview with the official.
 
An introduction to Chabahar port and development project
 
Chabahar has two main ports, Shahid Kalantari port and Shahid Beheshti port. Shahid Kalantari port’ development has been finished in 1983. However, the development project for Chabahar’ Shahid Beheshti port is planned to be implemented in five phases of which the first phase was started in 2007 and due to financial problems resulted from U.S.’ first round of sanctions on Iran the project was almost halted until 2016 in which the sanctions were lifted over Iran’ economy.
 
In May 2016, Iran, India and Afghanistan signed a trilateral transit agreement in Tehran, a part of which is dedicated to Chabahar port’ development project.”ghaie said.
 
India for long, has been negotiating with Iran for cooperation in development of this important port. Since through Chabahar port India can bypass Pakistan and transport goods to Afghanistan and Central Asia, while Afghanistan can get linked to India via sea.
 
At the time, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced that New Delhi would be investing $500 million in the strategic port.
 
Then during the visit of the Iranian president to India in February 2018, the lease contract for Shahid Beheshti Port-Phase 1 was signed between Iran’ Ports and Maritime Organization (PMO) and India’ Ports Global Limited (IPGL).
 
Aghaie noted that after settlements, the Indian party has chosen an Iranian company to cooperate in the development project.
 
They held a tender in which various Iranian candidates attended and in the end a company named Kaveh Group was chosen as the Iranian partner in this project” he mentioned.
 
According to the official, technology transfer is an important part of the deal with the Indian side and in this regard most of the work force which is going to be employed for this project are going to be from Iran and the Indian side is also committed to transfer port related knowledge and technology into the country.
 
Aghaie further mentioned the progress of the Shahid Beheshti Port Phase 1 so far, saying, During this phase over 203 hectares of land has been reclaimed, construction of three multi-purpose berths with a total length of over 1700 meters is completed, and over 15.5 million cubic meters of dredging has been executed which creates 16.5 meters of depth for berthing of vessels with even highest drafts.”
 
We have also constructed a 1470-meter breakwater tail to make it completely safe for vessels to berth during monsoon season,”e added.
 
Asked about the equipment and machinery, the official explained that near 60 million worth of equipment, mobile cranes, towers and pneumatic ship unloaders, lifts and tractors have been purchased and they have been operated during the phase 1 of development project, most of which have been bought from renowned European companies including those from Germany and Finland and some are supplied by Iranian Machin Sazi Arak Company.
 
Role of private sector
 
Speaking about the role of the country’ private sector in this project, Aghaie stressed the importance of this sector’ presence in Chabahar development saying, The Ports and Maritime Organization has so far invested over $1 billion in Chabahar development project and this has made the private sector to see the importance of this port for the country’ economy and made them to come forward.”
 
They need to come forward and we always welcome them and support every company that is willing to cooperate with us in making this port what it is deserved to be” he underlined.
 
According to Aghaie, since the beginning of the current Iranian calendar year (March 2018) the private sector has invested over 450 billion rials (near $107 million) in the first phase of developing Shahid Beheshti port and he expressed hope that another $105 million will also be attracted by the end of the current Iranian calendar year (March 2019).
 
Progress in port activities
 
Regarding the improvements of Chabahar’ ports in terms of commodity transit, exports, imports and transship, Aghaie explained, Since the inauguration of the phase 1 of Shahid Beheshti Port, in container area we have witnessed a 70 percent rise in various fields of transit and transshipment, as for the oil terminal, the figure for the oil cargoes loading and unloading has jumped by 50 percent and finally as a whole we can say that on average the trade activities of Chabahar port have increased by 50 percent up to date.”
 
In the past six months over 110,000 tons of goods have been transited through Chabahar’ ports” he added.
 
Advantages and features
 
As Iran’ only ocean port with over 500 kilometers of marine border, Chabahar has a great deal to offer to the country’ economy, the investors, the neighboring countries and even the region.
 
This port is located outside the Persian Gulf region and Hormuz area and so doesn’ have the limitations of the country’ other ports in regard to the South East Asian trade. This port could be a transit gate from Indian Ocean Rim Association (IORA) countries to CIS counties and also Afghanistan. It is the most cost efficient and optimal route to link IORA and CIS and event to Europe and Africa.
 
The port has also one of the largest international passenger terminals in the region with a capacity of simultaneous reception of over 600 passengers.
 
Exemptions and potentials
 
Sistan-Baluchestan Province’ Ports and Maritime Department offers significant incentives for both investors and shipping companies who are willing to cooperate and operate in this port.
 
Land delegation as long-term lease agreements in form of BO.O.T, B.L.T, B.O.T, and B.O.O investment contracts, offering the opportunity for warehouse delegation in form of short- and long-term lease agreements, bringing equipment into Chabahar in form of partnership agreements subject to rules and regulations of free industrial-trade zones and especial economic zones and etc. are some of the great incentives and opportunities that Chabahar offers for those who are willing to invest or cooperate in this port.
 
There are also several discount items for shipping cargoes among which a 30-percent discount for all terminal handling charges (THC), and over 75 percent discount for the storage of import containers and 80 percent discount for storing export goods can be mentioned.
 
Rail projects related to Chabahar port
 
Connecting the ports to the railway network is among the prioritized plans that will contribute significantly to promotion of the country’ transit status.
 
For example, a railway is under construction to connect Chabahar Port to Zahedan, the center city of Sistan-Baluchestan Province, which will elevate the role of this strategic port in transit of goods.
 
According to Aghaie, the project to build this railway has a 30-percent progress and it will be complete by the next three years.
 
Railway and rail development is one of the most important requirements of any improvement in Chabahar port’ commodity transit and traffic” he emphasized. <figure class="image"><figcaption>Tehran Times conducting an interview with Behrouz Aghaie, the director general of Ports and Maritime Department of Sistan-Baluchestan Province, in Chabahar on December 2. </figcaption></figure>
 
It is worth mentioning that last October India launched a trade route to Afghanistan via Iran through shipping its first consignment of wheat to Afghanistan via Chabahar,
 
bypassing longtime rival Pakistan. The country sent its second consignment of wheat to Afghanistan via Chabahar in last November and has said that it plans to send more shipments of wheat to Afghanistan via the Iranian port.
 
According to the official since the beginning of the phase 1, over 12,000 twenty-foot-equivalent units (TEU) loading and unloading has been done in this port which is 100 percent more than the figure for all the loading-unloading done in the history of this port.
 
Document TEHRNT0020181214eece000s1




Sanctions an opportunity to enhance non-oil exports
 
597 words
14 December 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
TEHRAN- Under the condition when the U.S. unilateral sanctions on Iran’ economy has reduced the country’ main source of income i.e. crude oil exports, Iran can turn the sanctions into an opportunity to enhance its non-oil exports as a reliable source of income.
 
It is why the government has put supporting non-oil exports a top agenda as the resistance economy committee issued a package to support non-oil exports which was announced by the First Vice President Es’aq Jahangiri to all the affiliated state-run organizations on November 18. The Ministry of Industry, Mining and Trade is in charge of supervising the full implementation of the prepared package.
 
Iranian experts believe that under the present condition when the sanctions are putting Iran’ oil-reliant economy under pressure, the only way to tackle the sanctions is to strengthen non-oil exports specially through supporting medium and small industries which are in need of the government’ support for presence in the global markets.
 
Providing working capital for the production units is one of the government’ supportive measures which will lead to strengthening export capabilities of these units.
 
In his periodical meeting with directors from state-run and private Iranian banks on December 8, Abdolnaser Hemmati, the governor of the Central Bank of Iran (CBI), called for the banks to have supplying the working capital of production units while granting facilities among their top priorities.
 
Also, Ali Saleh-Abadi, the managing director of Export Development Bank of Iran, has recently announced that through paying loans with proper rates this bank will grant special support to the production units which produce export-bound products.
 
It is besides special support provided to finance export-based projects specially in the field of technical and engineering services, he noted.
 
Providing the condition for the presence of Iranian companies in the international exhibitions outside the country and also setting up international exhibitions inside Iran is the other way to help the Iranian units elevate their export status, as marketing is a key point to export.
 
IRAN EXPO a platform to strengthen exports capabilities of SMEs
 
Holding IRNA EXPO (an international exhibition on exports capabilities of Iran) is providing a ground for the elevation of non-oil exports as many officials believe that the high number of foreign exhibitors in the third edition of the event is a sign of ineffective U.S. sanctions.
 
IRNA EXPO 2018, running from December 13 to 16 at Tehran’ Shahr-e Aftab International Fairground, is hosting 611 exhibitors from 57 countries and also 366 businessmen and traders are visiting the exhibit through 25 trade delegations from 18 countries, according to Majid Takbiri, the chairman of the headquarters for holding the exhibition.
 
Takbiri mentioned strengthening the export capabilities of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) as one of the main goals of setting up the exhibition and said that to achieve this goal some new parts have been created in this edition of the event, for example the pavilion for information technology (IT) sector which has become recently active in the field of exports.
 
He also announced that 260 Iranian companies active in 12 sectors including foodstuffs, agriculture, automobile, handicrafts, industrial parts, electricity, leather, weaving, home appliances, medical equipment, health and energy are showcasing their products in IRNA EXPO 2018.
 
The international exhibition is holding 400 B2B meetings between Iranian and foreign exhibitors, creating a platform for the Iranian companies to promote their export capabilities, he underlined.
 
Document TEHRNT0020181214eece000ry




Sanctions on Iran or trade warfare? What is the pretext for punishing Huawei in America?
 
788 words
14 December 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"> </figure>
 
TEHRAN - Canada has arrested a senior Huawei technology company official suspected of violating sanctions against Iran at the request of U.S. officials.
 
Meng Wanzhou, who is one of the vice-chairs on the Chinese technology company’ board and is the daughter of the company’ founder, Ren Zhengfei, was arrested at the request of U.S. officials in Vancouver.
 
A spokesman for the Canadian Ministry of Justice said in a statement to the Globe and Mail website: Wangzhou is wanted for extradition to the United States.”
 
A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said on Thursday that Beijing had separately called on the U.S. and Canada to clarify the reasons for the detention”nd immediately release the detained person” A spokesman for the Chinese embassy in Canada, in a statement, said: Canada has arrested a citizen of China who has not violated any of the laws of the United States or Canada at the request of the United States.”
 
In a short statement, China's Foreign Ministry said that Vice Foreign Minister Le Yucheng had issued the warning to release Meng to Canada's ambassador in Beijing, summoning him to lodge a strong protest”
 
But is his arrest linked to U.S. sanctions against Iran? To answer this question, take a look at the history of Huawei's work.
 
Huawei, in the 1980s, started its business in China as a telecommunications technology company, but from the outset it focused on developing indigenous technology rather than importing it from the West.
 
Huawei targeted the global markets as a company with its own native technology during the 1990s. In 2001, it developed its first presence in the United States, then in 2008 in Canada. According to a Bloomberg report in 2011, 45 of the 50 largest telecom companies in the world used some Huawei equipment.
 
Accordingly, Huawei's Chinese company has become a highly competitive rival to Western and American companies, which over the past few years has been able to develop a solid footprint in the United States and Canada.
 
Reasons of punishing Huawei, Iran sanctions or trade warfare?
 
At the British Columbia Provincial Tribunal during its first detention hearing on Tuesday, Huawei's chief executive announced that Meng Wangzhou, with the establishment of Sky Comex, has been pursuing Huawei subsidiaries throughout 2009-2014 to circumvent U.S. sanctions against Iran.
 
In fact, the company, via a branch registered in Dubai in the UAE, is accused of violating Iran's sanctions law. As a result, Washington's crackdown is due to the alleged violation of sanctions against Iran. This charge could have been brought under normal circumstances with restrictions on its activities on the U.S. soil or by its outright dismissal, but the arrest of its director and the release of some news stories that long-term imprisonment was probable shows that the issue of Chinese Huawei is much more than a violation of sanctions against Iran.
 
On the other hand, by looking at the extreme nationalist approaches of the Trump government in commercial markets, it is clear that the White House, with American First”logan, is seeking to impede the activities of non-U.S. companies.
 
So, in the current context, the violation of sanctions against Iran is an excuse for the U.S. Treasury Department to remove one of the most powerful rivals to American companies.
 
Pressure on Huawei occurred when recently Beijing and Washington agreed on a 90-day cease-fire during their trade war. In the course of these 90 days, the parties will not impose any increase in tariffs on each other's export markets. However, although there is currently no news of the imposition of new tariffs on Chinese goods in the United States, the arrest of a director of a Chinese company suggests that Washington is still interested in maintaining tension with Beijing.
 
Indeed, if we are to unmask the detention with the issue of the boycott of Iran, we should just mention the pressure that the United States has promoted over the last few months on its allies, including in Europe and even East Asia, which called for cooperation to refuse business with Huawei. The pressure, which seems to have been marginally effective, has so far prevented Japanese and British officials from following the practice of the Chinese company in their countries.
 
As a result, the arrest of a director of a Chinese company at the behest of the U.S. is bigger than merely a ploy to ensure the sanctions remain in place. It is also a way to try to augment Washington's trade war with China.
 
Document TEHRNT0020181214eece000gu




 
 
President: Iran's Oil Exports Increase after US Sanctions
 
652 words
11 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
"Part of my meeting today with the oil minister pertained to a discussion of the conditions of oil sales. Thanks God, we are in suitable and good conditions. The Americans wanted to prevent our oil exports and I clearly tell people that our oil exports have improved after November 4 (the day US imposed oil sanctions against Iran) compared to the past," President Rouhani said after a joint meeting with the parliament speaker and the judiciary chief in Tehran on Tuesday.
 
He stressed Americans' failure to block Iran's oil supplies, and said they also made attempts to dissuade OPEC members from decreasing production but they failed.
 
"Our oil sales will stay the same course that it was before this (OPEC) meeting," Rouhani said.
 
Early in November, Governor of Central Bank of Iran (CBI) Abdolnasser Hemmati said that the US had failed in its efforts to cut Iran’ oil revenues to zero with sweeping sanctions, while the country was ready to combat even worse conditions.
 
Hemmati made the point posting a message on his Instagram page, underlining that it was no secret any more that the US had failed to carry out its earlier threats to push down Iran’ oil sales to zero under various pretexts.
 
The Central Bank of Iran has developed various plans to cope with the worst-case scenarios after the second round of the US sanctions is carried out. Meanwhile, we have managed to build up our foreign exchange reserves over the past months,”e said.
 
According to Hemmati, the Central Bank of Iran had been focused mainly on stabilizing foreign-exchange market over the past few weeks through promoting Iran’ national currency.
 
I’ sure that the great Iranian nation will leave behind successfully the current volatile situation. We are now developing new plans to restore balance to the market and prevent from further inflation,”e noted.
 
Also last month, Iran's new Economy Minister Farhad Dejpasand downplayed the US November-4 sanctions against Tehran, stressing that his country had planned proper and effective measures to confront them.
 
In a related front, Iranian First Vice-President Eshaq Jahangiri assured the nation that the US November-4 sanctions would not leave any tangible impacts on the country, playing down Washington's attempts to stop Iran's oil exports.
 
"The government declares honorably that the US will not be able to stop Iran's oil sale," Jahangiri said, addressing a forum in Tehran.
 
"The Iranian nation should know that nothing will happen with the second stage of the (US) sanctions; they (the Americans) did whatever they could in the past few months and we have adopted the necessary measures (to confront them)," he added.
 
Jahangiri addressed the US officials, saying that the only way before them was interaction and talks without any bullying.
 
Also, last month, Iran's Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh had played down US President Donald Trump's attempts to zero down Iran's crude exports, warning that his threats would only inflame the market.
 
"Sustainable and stable supply of the crude needed by customers is a feature of Iran and no country has the capacity to replace Iran's crude in the high-demanding global oil market," Zanganeh said.
 
He stressed that Iran's crude exports may not be stopped, adding, "Inflammation of the global oil market will continue until oil sanctions against Iran will be removed."
 
On Monday, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif touched upon the issue before participating in a trilateral meeting with his Turkish and Azeri counterparts in Istanbul.
 
He downplayed the impacts of the US November-4 sanctions against his country, stressing that Washington's economic and political agenda against Tehran was doomed to failure.
 
"Nothing new is likely to happen on November 4 when the second phase of the (US) sanctions come into effect," Zarif told reporters.
 
Document FARSNA0020181211eecb0008g




Mogherini: EU to set up Iran financial mechanism soon
 
339 words
10 December 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
The European Union’ foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Monday the EU will create an alternative payment channel in the nearest future to facilitate financial transactions between the EU and Iran to bypass US sanctions.
 
Speaking at a press conference in Brussel, Mogherini said the EU’ financial mechanism for Iran is expected to go operational in coming weeks in order to keep legitimate trade with Tehran.
 
The EU’ special purpose vehicle (SPV) would act as a clearing house that could be used to help match Iranian oil and gas exports to purchases of EU goods, circumventing US sanctions which are based on the global use of the dollar for oil trading.
 
France and Germany are to take joint responsibility for the EU-Iran trade mechanism to minimize the risk of US punishment.
 
France, Germany and Britain –uropean signatories to world powers’uclear deal with Iran –ave scrambled to come up with measures to preserve its economic benefits for Tehran after US President Donald Trump withdrew from the accord in May and restored sanctions on Iran.
 
Mogherini, speaking after an EU foreign minister’ meeting, stressed the bloc’ commandment that Iran should benefit from the lifting of sanctions under the nuclear deal.
 
She said the UN nuclear agency, which monitors Iran’ implementation of the accord, has confirmed in 13 reports that the country has lived up to its terms of agreement.
 
Before the meeting, German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas said the EU wants to keep the nuclear deal in place by ensuring continued trade with Iran.
 
"We don't want Iran to use enriched uranium for military purposes and we believe we can achieve that only with the upholding of the nuclear deal. This is why we want to facilitate steps toward allowing payments and economic activity in Iran," Maas said on Monday.
 
Iran has denied his nuclear program has any military dimension, saying it needs the nuclear energy to meet its growing energy consumption.
 
Document IRADLY0020181210eeca000mj




Russian envoy: Moscow-Tehran trade in local currencies major step to counter US sanctions
 
539 words
9 December 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Russian Ambassador to Iran Levan Dzhagaryan said trading between Iran and Russia in their national currencies is an important step to counter the unilateral sanctions of the United States.
 
"Currently 25 percent of trade exchanges between the two countries are being conducted in the rial and ruble and this trend will continue," Dzhagaryan told Iran’ national TV during an interview on Saturday night.
 
Dzhagaryan noted that there are banking and monetary problems as well as the lack of familiarity of the two countries' businessmen with the capabilities and capacities of the two countries”ut Iran and Russia are trying to overcome the challenges as soon as possible.
 
He said Russia and Iran are determined to deal with unilateral US sanctions, but no European measures have been in place to counter US sanctions against Iran, and so far no action has been taken.
 
The Russian envoy pointed to the European Union’ special purpose vehicle (SPV) by Europe, and said, "The European countries just talk about establishing such a mechanism, but they have not yet implemented anything."
 
The SPV would act as a clearing house that could be used to help match Iranian oil and gas exports to purchases of EU goods, circumventing US sanctions which are based on the global use of the dollar for oil trading. It is expected to go operational early next year.
 
France and Germany are to take joint responsibility for the EU-Iran trade mechanism to minimize the risk of US punishment.
 
France, Germany and Britain –uropean signatories to world powers’015 deal with Iran that curbed its nuclear program –ave scrambled to come up with measures to preserve its economic benefits for Tehran after US President Donald Trump denounced the accord as weak and withdrew from it in May.
 
The United States restored sanctions targeting Iran’ oil, banking and transportation sectors in early November.
 
In response to the question about how Russia will stand to protect Iran against US sanctions, Dzhagaryan said, "The national will of Russia and (President Vladimir) Putin is that we consider unilateral sanctions against Iran illegal.”
 
Boosting private sectors
 
Chairmen of the Iranian and Russian chambers of commerce agreed to cooperate on annual Iran-Russia trade conference, urging the governments in Tehran and Moscow to shore up to the private sectors in the climate of sanctions.
 
Chairman of Iran’ Chamber of Commerce Gholamhossein Shafei and his Russian counterpart Sergey Katyrin, in a meeting in Tehran, exchanged views on mutual coordination for holding annual Iran-Russia Trade Conference.
 
Noting that holding the event plays a crucial role in strengthening economic cooperation between the two countries, Katyrin said that last year’ conference hosted by Iran brought suitable feedbacks from the participants.
 
He further maintained that oil and gas, agriculture, foodstuff, transportation and logistics are among the topics which can be discussed during the upcoming Iran-Russia Trade Conference.
 
Shafei said that US sanctions have created new conditions for the two countries’conomic activists which should be used.
 
During the meeting, it was also agreed to hold Iran-Russian Trade Conference in Saratov, Russia, in July 2019.
 
Fars and Reuters contributed to this story.
 
Document IRADLY0020181209eec90008i




 
 
Official: Next Budget Aimed at Easing Sanctions’ffects on People
 
814 words
8 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Nobakht said today that the budget bill for the next Iranian calendar year (March 21, 2019- March 20, 2020) has been submitted to the Parliament.
 
In a press conference to unveil the budget bill to reporters, Mohammad Baqer Nobakht said the government had put a huge amount of energy into developing a "just and transparent bill”
 
According to Nobakht, the next year's budget is 12% more than the budget for the current Iranian year (21 March 2018-2019), adding that it would envisage a total spending of around 433 quadrillion rials ($103 billion) from various sources including taxes, divesting state-run shares and selling oil.
 
Meanwhile, the budget bill expects 27 percent dependence on oil revenues and forecasts 1.5 million barrels of oil sales per day at the price of $54 per barrel. It also requires the government to allocate $14 billion (at the exchange rate of 42,000 rials) to supply of basic goods to back Iranians’ivelihood amid the US unilateral sanctions. To this end, it also mandates the allocation of 1.42 quadrillion rials for paying subsidies whether in cash or in form of basic goods to qualified Iranians.
 
Deputy of Iran’ Budget and Planning Organization Hamid Poormohammadi who accompanied Nobakht in the conference said for his part that the bill was mainly focused on Iranian’ livelihood, domestic production, and supporting environment and improvement of science in the country, as well.
 
Back on Monday, Nobakht said the developers of the bill had in mind some major points including reducing the pressure posed by US sanctions on Iranians’ives, supplying basic goods, and paying a specific attention to domestic production and job creation.
 
Early in November, Governor of Central Bank of Iran (CBI) Abdolnasser Hemmati said that the US has failed in its efforts to cut Iran’ oil revenues to zero with sweeping sanctions, while the country is ready to combat even worse conditions.
 
Hemmati made the point posting a message on his Instagram page, underlining that it is no secret any more that the US has failed to carry out its earlier threats to push down Iran’ oil sales to zero under various pretexts.
 
The Central Bank of Iran has developed various plans to cope with the worst-case scenarios after the second round of the US sanctions is carried out. Meanwhile, we have managed to build up our foreign exchange reserves over the past months,”e said.
 
According to Hemmati, the Central Bank of Iran has been focused mainly on stabilizing foreign-exchange market over the past few weeks through promoting Iran’ national currency.
 
I’ sure that the great Iranian nation will leave behind successfully the current volatile situation. We are now developing new plans to restore balance to the market and prevent from further inflation,”e noted.
 
Earlier on Sunday, Iran's new Economy Minister Farhad Dejpasand downplayed the US November-4 sanctions against Tehran, stressing that his country has planned proper and effective measures to confront them.
 
In a related front on the same day, Iranian First Vice-President Eshaq Jahangiri assured the nation that the US November-4 sanctions would not leave any tangible impacts on the country, playing down Washington's attempts to stop Iran's oil exports.
 
"The government declares honorably that the US will not be able to stop Iran's oil sale," Jahangiri said, addressing a forum in Tehran on Sunday.
 
"The Iranian nation should know that nothing will happen with the second stage of the (US) sanctions; they (the Americans) did whatever they could in the past few months and we have adopted the necessary measures (to confront them)," he added.
 
Jahangiri addressed the US officials, saying that the only way before them is interaction and talks without any bullying.
 
Also, last Tuesday, Iran's Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh had played down US President Donald Trump's attempts to zero down Iran's crude exports, warning that his threats would only inflame the market.
 
"Sustainable and stable supply of the crude needed by customers is a feature of Iran and no country has the capacity to replace Iran's crude in the high-demanding global oil market," Zanganeh said.
 
He stressed that Iran's crude exports may not be stopped, adding, "Inflammation of the global oil market will continue until oil sanctions against Iran will be removed."
 
On Monday, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif touched upon the issue before participating in a trilateral meeting with his Turkish and Azeri counterparts in Istanbul.
 
He downplayed the impacts of the US November-4 sanctions against his country, stressing that Washington's economic and political agenda against Tehran is doomed to failure.
 
"Nothing new is likely to happen on November 4 when the second phase of the (US) sanctions come into effect," Zarif told reporters.
 
Document FARSNA0020181208eec8000e5




OPEC, allies agree to output cut; Iran exempted
 
600 words
7 December 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
The group and its partners agreed to remove 1.2 million barrels a day from the market, with OPEC itself shouldering 800,000 barrels of the burden. Iran emerged as a winner from the contentious talks, saying it’ secured an exemption from cuts as it suffers the effects of US sanctions.
 
An OPEC output reduction also would provide support to Iran by increasing the price of oil.
 
Earlier, Iranian Oil Minister Iran Bijan Namdar Zanganeh said Tehran would not discuss its production quota in OPEC as long as US sanctions are imposed on it.
 
AP
 
The OPEC deal had hung in the balance for two days –irst on fears that Russia would cut too little, and later on concerns that Iran would receive no exemption and block the agreement.
 
But after hours of talks, Iran gave OPEC the green light and Russia indicated it was ready to cut more.
 
US special representative for Iran Brian Hook met Saudi Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih in Vienna this week, in an unprecedented development ahead of an OPEC meeting. Saudi Arabia first denied the Hook-Falih discussion took place but later confirmed it.
 
US political pressure is clearly a dominant factor at this OPEC meeting, limiting the scope of Saudi actions to rebalance the market,”aid Gary Ross, chief executive of Black Gold Investors and a veteran OPEC watcher.
 
Crude surged as much as 5.4 percent in London, raising the risk that the deal could anger US President Donald Trump, who had urged the group to keep the taps open and prices low.
 
The breakthrough at the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries’ecretariat followed a series of bilateral meetings convened by non-OPEC member Russia, which emerged as the key broker between rivals Saudi Arabia and Iran.
 
OPEC has been under increasing pressure from forces redrawing the global oil map, leaving it ever more dependent on Russia’ support while also subject to vehement opposition from Trump.
 
The final deal is a surprise, since discussions had earlier centered on a proposed output reduction from OPEC and its allies of about 1 million barrels a day, with OPEC cutting 650,000 barrels of the total, according to delegates.
 
Producers will use October production levels as a baseline for cuts and the agreement will be reviewed in April. Russia’ contribution to the reduction is not yet known. The country had initially pitched for a 100,000 to 150,000-barrel-a-day cut, but subsequently indicated it might agree to a slightly larger reduction, a delegate said earlier.
 
Much has changed for OPEC since 2016, when Russia and Saudi Arabia ended their historic animosity and started to manage the market together.
 
OPEC, or more precisely Saudi Arabia, has been the head honcho of the oil world for nearly six decades; yet these days it seems unable to make a decision without Russia’ blessing, let alone without risking the wrath of the US president,”aid Stephen Brennock, an analyst at PVM Oil Associates in London.
 
OPEC’ de facto leader Saudi Arabia, under economic pressure after a collapse in oil prices last month, has sought to walk a fine line between preventing a surplus next year and appeasing Trump. The president has taken to using his Twitter account to berate the group’ policies and sees low oil prices as key to sustaining America’ economic growth.
 
While ministers met on Wednesday, Trump tweeted that the world does not want to see, or need, higher oil prices!”
 
Bloomberg and Reuters contributed to this story.
 
Document IRADLY0020181207eec7000mb




Russia-Iran 10-month trade up 6.8%
 
316 words
7 December 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
According to Sputnik, Russia's exports to Iran dropped by four percent to $959.3 million, while Russia's imports from Iran increased by 42.9 percent to $425.5 million.
 
Iran's share in Russia's foreign trade decreased from 0.3 percent in January-October 2017 to 0.2 percent in the same period this year.
 
Russia in November said that it may launch settlements with Iran in national currencies in order to continue bilateral cooperation despite the US sanctions against the Islamic Republic.
 
The announcement was made by Russia’ Energy Minister Alexander Novak who said Moscow was moving ahead with the plan because it did not recognize the US sanctions against Iran.
 
"We do not recognize [the US sanctions against Iran], which were introduced unilaterally without the approval of the United Nations Security Council. We will continue seeking mechanisms for cooperation, and one of them is the settlements for supplied goods in national currencies," Novak was quoted as saying by Russia’ TASS news agency.
 
He further emphasized that settling payments with Iran in national currencies would enable Moscow to develop cooperation with Tehran.
 
"This is not a new situation for us when sanctions are introduced against Iran. Until 2015, when they were lifted, we had cooperated with Iran and developed trade and economic cooperation," Novak stressed.
 
Over the past months, Russia has repeatedly raised the possibility of replacing the US dollar with other currencies in its transactions with the outside world in response to the US sanctions.
 
In August, the country’ Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said Russia could reject the US dollar in oil trade.
 
It is not ruled out. We have significantly reduced our investments in US assets. In fact, the dollar, which was considered the global currency, becomes a risky instrument for settlements,”e was quoted by media as saying.
 
Document IRADLY0020181207eec7000me




 
 
EU after Euro-Based Oil Transactions with World
 
1,353 words
7 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI) Ali Akbar Salehi made the remarks on Thursday, referring to his last week negotiations with European officials, quoting an unnamed European commissioner that in oil contracts worth 300 billion euros, the EU will use its own currency.
 
Speaking to reporters, the head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI) said the amount of these transactions is more than 300 billion.
 
Previously, the EU used to pay 85 percent of the money for the oil it purchased from other countries in US dollars, but now with this new mechanism, all the money will be paid in euros,”e said.
 
Once the mechanism takes effect, the US dollar will be isolated as a global currency, and the US will no longer be able to use dollars in the current dominating way, Salehi added.
 
"In the current context of incertitudes –rade conflicts, extra territorial sanctions by the US –he market participants are looking for alternative," said EU economics affairs commissioner Pierre Moscovici at a news conference in Brussels.
 
Earlier in mid-November, Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister for Political Affairs Seyed Abbas Araqchi said that the US sanctions against Iran undermine Europe’ sovereignty, security and credibility rather than targeting Iran's economy, and added that the US is using its economic power and the dollar to impose its own demands on other countries.
 
Earlier on November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181207eec7000bb




 
 
Iran Offers Support to Japanese Business Partners
 
987 words
7 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Iran stands ready to address the concerns of Japanese companies willing to continue business with the country, even as the United States presses its allies to get tough on Iran and to stop importing its oil, Jahangiri said on Thursday in an interview with Kyodo News.
 
We are ready to negotiate with Japanese companies who are interested to continue their business in Iran for reaching new solutions in order to ease their concerns,”e underlined.
 
The Japanese government and companies have always had their own ways to pass US pressures and we hope again they use their initiatives to stay as a major oil importer from Iran,”he Iranian senior official added.
 
Japan is among eight nations that received six-month exemptions from U.S. sanctions on importing Iranian oil, which went into effect on Nov. 4, to give them more time to reduce their imports to zero.
 
Jahangiri said although Iran-Japan economic ties are currently affected by U.S. pressure, the two countries have long had good relations and Iran looks forward to a state visit by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, for which it does not see any obstacle”
 
Anytime he is willing to pay a visit to Iran, Tehran is ready to welcome and host him,”e added.
 
Jahangiri praised Japan's stand in supporting global peace after World War II, but called it to use its power and influence to put an end to US unilateralism”n the world.
 
Japan must stand against US unilateralism, which is threatening independent countries and might go beyond Iran's nuclear issue to encompass other issues around the globe,”e said.
 
Regarding the impact of US sanctions on Iran's oil exports, the vice president said it has found new customers and sold our oil to them”
 
While he did not reveal the identity of the new customers” he said his government has started serious negotiations”or selling more oil to Russia and to China and other Asian countries, for example.
 
Jahangiri anticipated that Iran could restore its oil exports to the level of before Nov. 4 even after expiration of the six-month waivers.
 
He called the stated US goal of getting all the nations to reduce their imports of Iranian oil to zero very dangerous” but at the same time very unlikely”
 
I assure the world that if Iran would be deprived of its main source of income, we would not be silent and will take appropriate measure in the right time.”
 
Under a 2015 deal struck between Iran and six major powers -- Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the United States -- Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear activities in exchange for the lifting of crippling economic sanctions.
 
On May 8, US President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the accord struck under his predecessor Barack Obama and pledged the highest level of economic sanction”gainst Iran, calling it the leading state sponsor of terror”
 
Earlier in mid-October, Iranian ambassador said that the bilateral relations between Tehran and Tokyo are supported by both nations.
 
The Iranian diplomat made the remarks while receiving a host of Japanese journalists, reporters, media people and TV personnel in the building of Iranian embassy in Tokyo. The media people along with managers of some Japanese TV and radio stations were visiting the embassy.
 
He asserted that friendly relations between Iran and Japan are deep rooted and that is why the ties between the two countries easily win the approval and support of both nations and cultures.
 
Next year will be coincided with the 90th anniversary of establishment of political and diplomatic relations between Iran and Japan which is a very good opportunity to broaden scientific, cultural and tourism cooperation, Sarmadi said.
 
To mark the occasion, both sides have prepared various programs which will be covered by Japanese media leading to deepening of cultural ties between the two ancient civilizations, he said.
 
Appreciating the presence of Japanese media in Iran's embassy, the Iranian ambassador suggested holding regular sessions in the future to work out a framework for regular cooperation between Japanese media and Iranian Embassy and their Iranian counterparts.
 
In the meeting, the Japanese media voiced readiness to expand cooperation with Iran's embassy to help promote cultural cooperation.
 
On Saturday, A senior Japanese lawmaker, in a meeting with Rahmani Movahed, voiced his country’ willingness to broaden mutual cooperation and interaction with Iran's parliament within the framework of Tehran-Tokyo diplomatic norms.
 
Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs at Japan’ House of Representatives Kenji Wakamiya highlighted the impact of parliamentary cooperation on developing relations between the two countries.
 
"On behalf of Japan’ House of Representatives we want to strengthen ties with Iran in the light of the 90th anniversary of diplomatic ties between Iran and Japan next year.
 
The Iranian ambassador, for his part, pointed out his recent meetings with a number of senior Japanese officials, and underscored the role of the two countries’arliaments on expansion of ties between the two sides.
 
In relevant remarks earlier this month, President of Japan's upper house, the House of Councilors, Chuichi Date, underlined the need for closer cooperation with Iran, extending an invitation to Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani for an official visit.
 
The Japanese top parliamentarian made the remarks in a meeting with Rahmani Movahed.
 
During the meeting, the Japanese politician noted the meetings between the leaders of the two countries in the last six years, stressing that parliament could play an effective role in expanding bilateral cooperation between Tehran and Tokyo.
 
He also noted the 90th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Iran and Japan next year, expressing hope that important steps would be taken to further strengthen ties.
 
He then extended an invitation to Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani, voicing hope that his visit to Japan would further develop relations between the two sides.
 
Document FARSNA0020181207eec7000bh




Iran won’ discuss its OPEC quota while under sanctions
 
473 words
5 December 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Iran will not discuss its OPEC quota as long as it is under sanctions, Iranian Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh said on Wednesday.
 
As long as Iran is under sanctions, the Islamic Republic’ OPEC quota will not be discussed with anyone,”anganeh said, speaking ahead of a meeting of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries in Vienna which is due to debate oil production cuts, Reuters reported.
 
OPEC meets on Thursday, followed by talks with allies such as Russia on Friday, amid a drop in crude prices caused by global economic weakness and fears of an oil glut due largely to a rise in US production.
 
The exporters’roup and its allies, known as OPEC+, see themselves at the same juncture they did in 2016. However, this time there is less certainty of a consensus to cut amid the exit of Qatar on January 1. Qatar was on board in 2016 when OPEC agreed to reduce inventories by slashing 1.2 million barrels per day out of its production. On top of that, allies cut 600,000 bpd.
 
Four sources said OPEC+ is working toward a deal to reduce oil output by at least 1.3 million barrels per day. The sources added that Russia’ resistance to a major cut was so far the main stumbling block.
 
Qatar said on Monday it will quit OPEC to focus on gas in a swipe at Saudi Arabia, the de facto leader of the oil exporting group which is trying to show unity in tackling an oil price slide.
 
Reacting to Qatar’ decision to pull out, Zanganeh said on Tuesday OPEC has problems with some oil producers, and the reasons for Qatar’ exit from the organization must be examined.
 
Examining the reasons for Qatar’ exit from OPEC is a necessity,”anganeh said. OPEC has big problems from some oil producers which Qatar is not a part of.”
 
Zanganeh did not elaborate but he appeared to be noting that Qatar is not one of the problematic oil producers in OPEC.
 
In an interview with Bloomberg on Tuesday, Falih said Moscow backs output curbs in principle,”ut it’ premature”o say what they will agree to in Vienna this week.
 
Meanwhile, Falih met with US special representative for Iran, Brian Hook, in Vienna on Wednesday, sources familiar with the meeting said.
 
US President Donald Trump has urged Saudi Arabia to refrain from output cuts in order to keep oil prices low. He said higher oil supplies were a payback from Riyadh for US support for Saudi Arabia against Iran.
 
The United States reimposed sanctions on Tehran last month. The measure has severely reduced Iranian oil flows and Washington has said it wants ultimately to drive Iranian shipments down to zero.
 
Document IRADLY0020181205eec5000jr




VP: Iran ready to ease Japanese concerns for continuing business
 
451 words
5 December 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
"We are ready to negotiate with Japanese companies who are interested in continuing their business in Iran for reaching new solutions in order to ease their concerns," Iran's First Vice President Es'haq Jahangiri told Kyodo News in an interview on Tuesday.
 
"The Japanese government and companies have always had their own ways to bypass US pressures and we hope again they use their initiatives to stay as a major oil importer from Iran," he added.
 
Japan is among eight nations that have received six-month waivers from US sanctions on importing Iranian oil, which went into effect on Nov. 4, to give them more time to reduce their imports to zero.
 
Jahangiri said although Iran-Japan economic ties are currently affected by US pressure, the two countries have long had good relations and Iran looks forward to a state visit by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, for which it does "not see any obstacle."
 
"Anytime he is willing to pay a visit to Iran, Tehran is ready to welcome and host him," he added.
 
Jahangiri praised Japan's stand in supporting global peace after World War II, but called it to use its power and influence to put an end to "US unilateralism" in the world.
 
"Japan must stand against US unilateralism, which is threatening independent countries and might go beyond Iran's nuclear issue to encompass other issues around the globe," he said.
 
Regarding the impact of US sanctions on Iran's oil exports, the vice president said it has "found new customers and sold our oil to them."
 
While he did not reveal the identity of the "new customers," he said his government has started "serious negotiations" for selling more oil to Russia, China, and other Asian countries, for example.
 
Jahangiri anticipated that Iran would restore its oil exports to the level of before Nov. 4, even after expiration of the six-month waivers.
 
He called the stated US goal of getting all nations to reduce their imports of Iranian oil to zero "very dangerous," but at the same time "very unlikely."
 
"I assure the world that if Iran would be deprived of its main source of income, we would not remain silent and will take appropriate measures at the right time."
 
Under a 2015 deal struck between Iran and six major powers –ritain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the United States –ehran agreed to curb its nuclear activities in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions.
 
On May 8, US President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the accord struck under his predecessor Barack Obama and pledged the highest level of economic sanctions”gainst Iran.
 
Document IRADLY0020181205eec5000jo




 
 
Turkey Decries Sanctions Against Venezuela, Vows to Bolster Ties
 
535 words
4 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
We do not approve of these measures that ignore the rules of global trade,”rdogan said the Turkey-Venezuela Business Forum alongside Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas on Monday, World News reported.
 
Political problems cannot be resolved by punishing an entire nation,”he Turkish leader stated.
 
The Turkish president added that his friend”aduro was facing manipulative attacks from certain countries and acts of sabotage from economic assassins” in an apparent reference to the United States.
 
In the face of such threats, Ankara will work to enhance trade ties with Venezuela to help the Latin American state deal with its economic crisis, Erdogan stressed.
 
There are solid ties in friendship and solidarity between our countries. We have strong potentials in our economic relations with Venezuela,”rdogan said, adding, We are making efforts to diversify and deepen cooperation with Venezuela in every field through win-win understanding.”
 
He also praised Venezuela’ socialist leader, saying Maduro’ exemplary attitude is very valuable at a time when enmity toward Islam has risen and Western countries are stoking hostility toward foreigners”
 
During a joint press conference with Erdogan later on Monday, Maduro defended his country’ right to export gold after US sanctions last month targeted its shipments of the metal.
 
It is very petty to try to use an illegal sanction to prevent Venezuela from selling its gold to the world,”e stated.
 
Erdogan and Maduro signed a series of agreements in the areas of mining, commerce and oil.
 
Trade ties between Ankara and Caracas have been growing, with Turkish data showing the country imported $900 million in gold from Venezuela in the first nine months of the year.
 
In November, Washington imposed new restrictions against Venezuela targeting its gold exports.
 
The sanctions, which target US individuals and companies trading in Venezuelan gold, were announced by National Security Advisor John Bolton.
 
Caracas has made an effort to reduce dependence on US-led or -controlled financial institutions and instruments, including the dollar, and committed in September to trading in euros, yuan and other convertible currencies”mid US restrictions.
 
The Venezuelan government has been facing a series of US embargoes targeting its economy and the country’ officials since 2014, under the pretext of alleged human rights abuses and threats to US national security.
 
Massive inflation and a shortage of basic commodities such as foodstuffs and medicine have forced an estimated 2.3 million Venezuelans to immigrate to other South American countries.
 
Maduro has repeatedly blamed a US-led economic war for the crisis, saying Washington is plotting to topple his government.
 
The European Union has also slapped sanctions on Venezuela over alleged rights abuses and irregularities in the re-election of Maduro.
 
Turkey, a NATO ally of the US, has been involved in its own trade row with Washington, among other disputes. Washington imposed tariffs on Turkish imports earlier this year, prompting retaliatory measures from Ankara.
 
Following his talks with Erdogan, Maduro headed to Moscow for talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin, slated for Wednesday, according to the Kremlin.
 
Maduro also wrote on his official Twitter page that he was headed to an important work meeting”ith Putin.
 
Document FARSNA0020181204eec4000gt




 
 
Seoul Resolute to Boost Cooperation with Tehran
 
985 words
1 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Yo Jang Hyan said on Saturday that the relations between two countries have faced some problems created by re-imposition US sanctions.
 
"Both countries have deep relations, he said, adding," We stood by Iran during 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.
 
"We have had friendly and close cooperation with Iran over the recent years," the South Korean diplomat said.
 
He went on to say that South Korea has been exempted from the US sanctions.
 
"Accordingly, we aim to have more cooperation and activities," Jang Hyan reiterated.
 
Korean envoy referred to Iran-South Korea trade exchanges volume last year which hit $12b, saying due to the US withdrawal from Iran nuclear deal, also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), the figure will experience sharp decline this year.
 
In response to another question on purchasing Iran oil, Jang Hyan said the relations between Iran and South Korea is so deep that sanctions will have no effect on them.
 
Elaborating on the South Korean companies' presence in Iran, he said, "We trust Iranian market so Korean firms will definitely stay in Iran."
 
Jang Hyan pointed to holding South Korean film week in Tehran, the seventh South Korean film festival will be held with the attendance of eight movies.
 
In addition to economic and political fields, Iran and South Korea enjoy close cooperation in cultural, social and sports sectors, he said.
 
Earlier on November 19, South Korean Ambassador to Iran Ryu Jeong-hyun said his country is determined to keep doing trade with Iran despite US pressures, and reassured that Iran will overcome the US unilateral sanctions.
 
Hailing Tehran-Seoul diplomatic relations dating back to 1962, South Korean envoy in Iran ascertained that the two countries can proceed with commercial relations.
 
The diplomat made the remarks during his visit to Iranian northern city of Rasht where he met with the members of the city council and told them that, Iran will surely overcome unilateral sanctions.”
 
Noting that South Korea has been exempted from Iran-related sanctions, he noted that his country can continue trade with Iran and buy oil from it.
 
Ties might not be good at present. But I promise you they will be excellent in the future,”e said.
 
"Mutual cooperation cannot be limited to merely importing oil from Iran; rather they can be promoted to global and regional spheres," he said.
 
Referring to Ramsar protocol, the envoy said that the protocol maintains that Iran pays due attention to environmental issues.
 
I will do all within my power to overcome problems faced by the two countries in the field of environment and global issues,”e said.
 
I will support a sisterhood agreement between Rasht and one of the South Korean cities,”e said, noting that Rasht is one of the Iranian pioneer cities in the field of culture and agriculture.
 
Head of Rasht Council Seyed Amirhossein Alavi, for his part, said that mutual interactions will surely benefit both sides.
 
He also voiced willingness for exchanging experience and using South Korean capacities in all fields, particularly environment.
 
On November 07, Iran and South Korea reached an agreement to use South Korean national currency (won) in bilateral trade to bypass the US sanctions.
 
A day before that, the US announced South Korea, along with seven other countries, will be granted waivers on Iranian crude oil purchases. US exemptions were later extended to include Iraq and Afghanistan, making a total of 10 countries excused from US consequences.
 
On November 12, The Southern Iranian province of Bushehr and a South Korean trade and commercial delegation signed five memoranda of understanding (MoUs) to boost bilateral relations and mutual cooperation between the two countries.
 
The waiver would enable South Korean refiners to continue the purchase of Iranian condensate, which is ultralight oil used for various petrochemical products, according to South Korean news agency Yonhap.
 
Following the waiver South Korean Vice Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy Cheong Seung-il, said the move has considerably eased uncertainties surrounding trade with Iran", adding that the Korean government will continue to provide liquidity assistance to small and medium-sized companies experiencing difficulties doing business with Iran and explore alternative markets", according to Yonhap.
 
Yonhap went on to add that the two sides will restart the won-based settlement of bilateral trade transactions via the Central Bank of Iran (CBI)'s accounts at two South Korean banks: Woori Bank and the Industrial Bank of Korea (IBK).
 
The news agency quoted a source as saying that it’ expected to provide South Korean firms with more opportunities for the trade of non-sanctions items such as medical products, processed food and home appliances, although the exports of some products including steel and automobile parts will be affected by the sanctions.”
 
South Korea is the third-largest buyer of Iranian oil after China and India.
 
South Korea has broad economic relations with Iran and is also a big buyer of oil and gas products from Iran. Seoul was among the first 8 countries which the US exempted from the unilateral sanctions of Washington against Tehran.
 
South Korean officials in numerous occasions have reiterated the resolute will of their country to expand bilateral ties with Iran and a in a related front in February, South Korea's Ambassador to Tehran Kim Seung Ho underscored that Seoul supports the Korean companies' further cooperation and investment in Iran.
 
"The strategy of the South Korean government is based on further consolidation of ties between the two countries and the government is highly willing to see the Korean companies' cooperation and investment in Iran," Kim said, addressing economic activists in Iran's Northern province of Semnan on Sunday night.
 
He reminded dependence of his country's economy to the oil industry, and said Iran is the second supplier of South Korea's oil resources.
 
Kim also stressed further strengthening of relations between Tehran and Seoul.
 
Document FARSNA0020181201eec1000gs




Can Iranian Regime Really Bypass U.S. Sanctions?
National Council of Resistance of Iran, 02:34 AM, 1 December 2018, 538 words, Shahriar Kia, (English)
On 6th November this year, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani announced that his country is going to “roudly bypass”he U.S. sanctions that are being implemented. This is typical rhetoric of the Iranian regime and it is almost certainly a ...
 
 
 
Iran Calls on UNSC to Denounce Pompeo’ Threat to Starve Iranians
 
1,515 words
1 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Such remarks are part of the US policies of exerting pressure and issuing real threats in order to wage an economic war against the people of Iran,”eads Eshaq Al-e Habib's Tuesday letter to the Security Council’ president and the UN secretary general.
 
Iran's deputy ambassador to the UN, in his letter, lashed out at US unilateral sanctions against Iran and Pompeo's remarks as a collective punishment for a nation”nd a clear violation of the basic principles of international law”
 
Pompeo’ comments are another indication of the US’ullying policy, which knows no limit and principle,”he letter reads, adding that the US has no hesitation in penalizing other countries when punishing the Iranian nation.
 
It also reiterated the fact that the re-imposition of US sanctions against Iran prevents Iranian people from having access to their basic requirements, including medicine and medical equipment.
 
The White House’ measures are a clear instance of crime against humanity,”t says.
 
Iran has shown resistance against the US’ullying behavior and illegal measures within the past 40 years, and will manage to do so against Washington’ recent wrong policies as well,”he letter adds.
 
The UN and its member states must condemn such bullying remarks by American officials, Iran’ mission to the UN said, urging the international community to stand against such policies, which threaten the foundations of the UN and multilateralism.
 
It also calls on the world to hold the US accountable for such irresponsible policies and measures, and force it to remain committed to the UN’ principles and objectives.
 
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif replied to Pompeo's remarks on November 10, ensuring that his country would survive the US sanctions and thrive despite pressures and threats by Washington.
 
The Iranian diplomatic chief made the remarks in a post on his Twitter page, dismissing his American counterpart's starvation threat, and stressing that the Islamic Republic will survive and even advance despite Washington’ sanctions
 
The top diplomat described Pompeo's open threat to starve the Iranian nation as "a crime against humanity" and "a desperate attempt to impose US whims on Iran".
 
"Like his predecessors, he'll also learn that—n spite of US efforts—ran will not just survive but advance w/out sacrificing its sovereignty," Zarif said.
 
Zarif's tweet came after the US Secretary of State told London-based BBC Persian TV station- a UK apparatus for spreading anti-Iran campaign- that Iranian officials must listen to Washington "if they want their people to eat".
 
In a related front earlier on the same day, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani referred to "the US lies" that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment were exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181201eec1000ba




 
 
Iran, S. Korea Finalize Payment Mechanism for Trade
 
916 words
1 December 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Head of the Iran-South Korea Joint Chamber of Commerce Hossein Tanhayee said on Saturday that Iran and South Korea have concluded an agreement to use a devised mechanism for transferring money between the two countries in the face of the US sanctions on Iran.
 
"According to the plan, goods will be given to Iranian importers and their price will be subtracted from the price of the oil exported to South Korea, and the importers will pay the price of the goods to the Iranian government," he said.
 
If the central banks of the two countries cannot do transactions, the private sectors can barter in the framework of a joint fund, said Hossein Tanhayee.
 
Iran's exports to South Korea mostly consist of crude oil and petrochemical products and its imports include household appliances, he said.
 
But the inventory can be more varied; Iran can export food, lead, and zinc, and import paper and cosmetics in return, he added.
 
Earlier on November 19, South Korean Ambassador to Iran Ryu Jeong-hyun said his country is determined to keep doing trade with Iran despite US pressures, and reassured that Iran will overcome the US unilateral sanctions.
 
Hailing Tehran-Seoul diplomatic relations dating back to 1962, South Korean envoy in Iran ascertained that the two countries can proceed with commercial relations.
 
The diplomat made the remarks during his visit to Iranian northern city of Rasht where he met with the members of the city council and told them that, Iran will surely overcome unilateral sanctions.”
 
Noting that South Korea has been exempted from Iran-related sanctions, he noted that his country can continue trade with Iran and buy oil from it.
 
Ties might not be good at present. But I promise you they will be excellent in the future,”e said.
 
"Mutual cooperation cannot be limited to merely importing oil from Iran; rather they can be promoted to global and regional spheres," he said.
 
Referring to Ramsar protocol, the envoy said that the protocol maintains that Iran pays due attention to environmental issues.
 
I will do all within my power to overcome problems faced by the two countries in the field of environment and global issues,”e said.
 
I will support a sisterhood agreement between Rasht and one of the South Korean cities,”e said, noting that Rasht is one of the Iranian pioneer cities in the field of culture and agriculture.
 
Head of Rasht Council Seyed Amirhossein Alavi, for his part, said that mutual interactions will surely benefit both sides.
 
He also voiced willingness for exchanging experience and using South Korean capacities in all fields, particularly environment.
 
On November 07, Iran and South Korea reached an agreement to use South Korean national currency (won) in bilateral trade to bypass the US sanctions.
 
A day before that, the US announced South Korea, along with seven other countries, will be granted waivers on Iranian crude oil purchases. US exemptions were later extended to include Iraq and Afghanistan, making a total of 10 countries excused from US consequences.
 
On November 12, The Southern Iranian province of Bushehr and a South Korean trade and commercial delegation signed five memoranda of understanding (MoUs) to boost bilateral relations and mutual cooperation between the two countries.
 
The waiver would enable South Korean refiners to continue the purchase of Iranian condensate, which is ultralight oil used for various petrochemical products, according to South Korean news agency Yonhap.
 
Following the waiver South Korean Vice Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy Cheong Seung-il, said the move has considerably eased uncertainties surrounding trade with Iran", adding that the Korean government will continue to provide liquidity assistance to small and medium-sized companies experiencing difficulties doing business with Iran and explore alternative markets", according to Yonhap.
 
Yonhap went on to add that the two sides will restart the won-based settlement of bilateral trade transactions via the Central Bank of Iran (CBI)'s accounts at two South Korean banks: Woori Bank and the Industrial Bank of Korea (IBK).
 
The news agency quoted a source as saying that it’ expected to provide South Korean firms with more opportunities for the trade of non-sanctions items such as medical products, processed food and home appliances, although the exports of some products including steel and automobile parts will be affected by the sanctions.”
 
South Korea is the third-largest buyer of Iranian oil after China and India.
 
South Korea has broad economic relations with Iran and is also a big buyer of oil and gas products from Iran. Seoul was among the first 8 countries which the US exempted from the unilateral sanctions of Washington against Tehran.
 
South Korean officials in numerous occasions have reiterated the resolute will of their country to expand bilateral ties with Iran and a in a related front in February, South Korea's Ambassador to Tehran Kim Seung Ho underscored that Seoul supports the Korean companies' further cooperation and investment in Iran.
 
"The strategy of the South Korean government is based on further consolidation of ties between the two countries and the government is highly willing to see the Korean companies' cooperation and investment in Iran," Kim said, addressing economic activists in Iran's Northern province of Semnan on Sunday night.
 
He reminded dependence of his country's economy to the oil industry, and said Iran is the second supplier of South Korea's oil resources.
 
Kim also stressed further strengthening of relations between Tehran and Seoul.
 
Document FARSNA0020181201eec1000b9




 
 
Iran, Russia Vow to Benefit from US Sanctions
 
636 words
30 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
The US sanctions against Iran and Russia could become unique opportunities for expanding cooperation between Tehran and Moscow, Ardakanian said before leaving Moscow where he participated and jointly with his Russian counterpart Novak headed the Iranian-Russian Joint Commission
 
Ardakanian told reporters that relying on the very good human capacities, natural resources, and considering the determination of the leaders of the two countries on the development of cooperation; sanctions can be used as a maximum opportunity. "Iran and Russia could exploit the sanctions."
 
In another part of his speech, he announced that the 15th session of Iranian-Russian Joint Committee would be held in Tehran in the second half of February.
 
Regarding his visits to Moscow, Ardakanian said, "It was a good opportunity to take part in the Iranian-Russian Joint Commission with Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak who headed the Russian side."
 
"We agreed to hold the 15th meeting of the joint commission for economic and commercial cooperation and the second conference of Iran and the northern Caucasus on cooperation prospects as soon as possible in Iran," Ardakan said.
 
The Iran-Russia joint commission includes 15 working groups cooperating in the fields of transportation, standard, banking, tourism, sport and youth, investment, nuclear, higher education, industry, Eurasian Economic Union, customs, health, culture, energy and mining.
 
Massoud Karbassian, Iran's then Minister of Economic Affairs and Finance headed a 75-member delegation in the last joint cooperation commission between Iran and Russia held in Moscow in March.
 
During a three-day trip to Moscow, the high-ranking Iranian business delegation signed 14 memorandums of understanding in various areas.
 
Russian officials have repeatedly voiced their country's willingness in different occasions to broaden bilateral ties with Iran.
 
In late August, Russian Deputy Defense Minister Alexander Fomin told his Iranian counterpart Brigadier General Qassemi Taqizadeh in Moscow that his "country is resolved to broaden defense cooperation with Iran".
 
Before that, Chief of Staff of Iran's Armed Forces Major General Mohammad Hossein Baqeri and Russian Deputy Defense Minister General Valery Gerasimov in a meeting in Tehran discussed expanding mutual cooperation, especially in military and defense fields.
 
Expansion of Iran-Russia relations has gone smoothly in the past years as the two sides have held a wide gamut of ties in the fields of energy, rail and aviation industries.
 
Iran exported close to $300 million worth of non-oil goods to Russia during the past Iranian year (March 2017-2018).
 
Food products accounted for 70% of the exports to the northern neighbor. Metal, cement, chemical materials and minerals were among other commodities exported from Iran to Russia. Reportedly, 14 Iranian chambers have offices in Russia.
 
In the last several years, Iran and Russia have had vast cooperation in different fields, especially in political and economic spheres.
 
The two states also enjoy special positions on the international scene and have long had constant and regular consultations on key regional and global issues.
 
On November 23, President Putin arrived in Tehran to meet Iran's top officials and participate in the Gas Exporting Countries Forum (GECF) conference.
 
Upon arrival in Iran, he rushed to meet Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei that lasted for two hours. Then later in the day he met his counterpart President Rouhani and the two presidents also attended a press conference.
 
Also on November 23, high-ranking Iranian and Russian officials inked 7 cooperation Memoranda of Understanding (MoU) in the presence of President Rouhani and President Putin.
 
One of the documents endorsed by Iranian and Russian top diplomats Mohammad Javad Zarif and Sergei Lavrov eased visa requirements for reciprocal visits by the two countries' nationals.
 
The other documents and MoUs were related to the health, railway, banking, insurance, electricity, power plant, water, and energy sectors.
 
Document FARSNA0020181201eebu00092




Official: Turkish businessmen, officials do not approve of US sanctions on Iran
 
487 words
30 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
On May 8, US President Donald Trump pulled Washington out of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), signed between Tehran and P5+1 in July 2015, and announced that the White House will reimpose unilateral sanctions —n two phases both already in place —n Iran.
 
Jalal Ebrahimi told ISNA that in the past 10 days, Turkish press and media published numerous articles by the country's officials, traders and political as well as economic experts, all focusing on rejection of Washington's unilateral sanctions against Iran and its people.
 
He said Erdal Tanas Karagö, the head of the economic section at the Turkish Foundation for Political, Economic and Social Research (SETA), maintained that the United Nations (UN) Security Council does not, within the framework of the international laws, approve of US sanctions against Iran.
 
Quoting the Turkish official, Ebrahimi added Ankara will not comply with US sanctions on Iran's oil exports.
 
He said Hatice Beril Dedeo?lu, a former Turkish minister for European Union affairs, also wrote in an article that US sanctions against Tehran are doomed to failure as the global economy's major players, including Russia and China, are on Iran's side.
 
She added that the impacts of US sanctions will be offset, Ebrahimi noted.
 
He said Trump's strategy of pressurizing Iran has failed to prove effective as his administration has not managed to convince other countries to accompany the US in the implementation of its anti-Iran policies.
 
Turkey meets a major part of its oil and gas demands through imports from Iran, Ebrahimi added, noting, thus, it will suffer serious losses in the absence of Iran's oil and gas sales.
 
"Since the very beginning Ankara was against the reimposition of such sanctions, which fail to be within the [legal] framework of the UN Security Council."
 
$30b trade target
 
Meanwhile, Iran's Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani and Speaker of Turkey's Grand National Assembly Binali Yildirim highlighted the need for realizing the $30-billion trade target between the two countries.
 
The top lawmaker made the remarks on Thursday in Turkish port city of Istanbul where he met with his Turkish counterpart Yildirim on the sidelines of 11th plenary session of the Asia Parliamentary Assembly (APA).
 
The Turkish parliament speaker said the US role in currency fluctuations is a 'warning' for regional countries and runs counter to international law.
 
"We never imagined that the US would one day use the dollar as a cold weapon, but after its agenda came to light, presidents of Iran, China, Turkey and Russia began discussions on national currency-based trade," he added.
 
He noted that the US aims to prevent cooperation among countries by exerting pressure and imposing sanctions, adding that the holding of sessions such as the APA and other similar gatherings would counter US measures and boost cooperation among nations.
 
Document IRADLY0020181201eebu0008z




 
 
Russia Urges US to Abandon Policy of Unilateral Sanctions
 
253 words
29 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
"What advice can be offered here? To abandon this policy and seek common ground. We are ready for that, we want that. I said this more than once. I hope that, if we can talk with the US president in Argentina, we will discuss that too," Putin said at the "Russia calling!" VTB Capital Investment Forum when asked how relations between Russia and the US could be improved, TASS reported.
 
According to Putin, the US administration should find consensus inside the country and encourage the elites to have constructive cooperation with partners.
 
"As far as I understand, President [Donald] Trump has a positive mood in general. There is the need to find common ground, and I’e said this, and this depends on the [US] administration, not me, to find a general consensus inside the US, which would encourage the entire American elite to carry out this work with its partners," Putin added.
 
He also noted that Russia and the US should "treat each other with respect and show this respect in concrete deeds".
 
"We have just talked about various kinds of restrictions, including in dollar settlements, sanctions or customs tariffs imposed on certain countries, for example, China. According to WTO estimates, mutual restrictions imposed by the G20 countries recently led to a $500 bln reduction in global trade. Is anyone really interested in that, including such a major economy as the US economy? For us, this creates only windows of opportunity," Putin stressed.
 
Document FARSNA0020181129eebt000gt




 
 
IMO Warns US of Actions Endangering Maritime Security
 
1,254 words
23 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Iranian Ambassador to London Hamid Baedinejad said on Thursday that the International Maritime Organization (IMO) responded to Iran's demand and called on the United States and other member states to refrain from taking any action which puts international maritime security at risk.
 
Baeidinejad had already announced on November 08 that the Iranian embassy in the UK submitted a letter of complaint to the IMO's central headquarters in London to voice Tehran's protest at the return of the unlawful US sanctions.
 
"In the letter, Tehran's Embassy condemned the imposition by the US of unilateral sanctions on Iran's ships as a measure that violates international maritime law and endangers maritime security," reads the post.
 
It also called on the IMO to conduct a "special review" of the matter at its Assembly- the organizations highest governing body.
 
Iran filed the complaint three days after Trump's administration announced the second batch of anti-Iran sanctions in place; this round of US' unilateral embargos are aiming Iran's oil exports to the world.
 
The US Treasury Department's sanctions list includes over 200 people and ships among more than 700 Iranian or Iran-linked targets.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181123eebn000e3




 
 
IRGC: US Defeated in Anti-Iran Economic War
 
759 words
23 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Major General Jafari made the remarks on Thursday, saying that the US failure in its economic war against Iran even can be seen in the words of Western analysts.
 
"We have witnessed the continuation of global arrogance’ failures in defense, military, security, political and economic programs,”ajor General Mohammad Ali Jafari said on Thursday in Falavarjan County in central Isfahan province.
 
Jafari said that the Iranian nation is defeating the enemies in the economic war and even their analysts admit that.
 
"Tehran won't remain passive if the US poses any threats and sanctions, and it is likely that the pressures (on Iran) would have adverse effects", the IRGC commander quoted a Western analyst, emphasizing that they have themselves confessed to their defeats.
 
He quoted another western scholar as saying that the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Khamenei is a man of crisis management, stressing that the Leader’ spiritual power will help the Iranian nation to deal another blow to the enemies once again.
 
Jafari ridiculed the US administration for failure in controlling the recent wildfires in California, saying the United States is unable to extinguish wildfires in its forests, which shows that its power is declining in all fields and one can witness that America has always failed in all kinds of wars that it has waged against Iran and other Muslim nations which have supported the Islamic Revolution".
 
Earlier on November 04, he had announced that the US attempts to force the country to make concessions through sanctions and pressures are all doomed to failure.
 
"Studying the process of the US repeated failures against Iran, the Islamic resistance and the popular power of the Islamic Revolution indicates that the US plots implemented through economic sanctions will fail with the help of God and vigilant resistance of our people and officials," Jafari said in Tehran, addressing the Iranian people and students participating the nationwide rallies to mark the anniversary of the US embassy takeover in 1979 and commemorate the National Day of Campaign against Global Arrogance and the National Student Day.
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran took place.
 
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said earlier this month that the American officials had admitted their incapability to stop Iran's crude sales, and the US sanctions would only leave negative impacts on imports of foodstuff, medicine and medical equipment.
 
"What the Iranian officials said that the US is not able to zero Iran's oil exports was proved with the US recent admission," President Rouhani said after a trilateral meeting with the parliament speaker and judiciary chief in Tehran.
 
"The US announced that it cannot zero Iran's oil sales because the oil prices will rise to $150; this is what we had said (before). In this region, either Iran's oil is exported or others will be in trouble as well," he added.
 
President Rouhani referred to the US lies that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment were exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
Also, last Monday, President Rouhani called on his US counterpart Donald Trump and his administration to watch out for the wrong information they receive from Israel and anti-Iran Mojahedin-e Khalq Organization (MKO, also known as the MEK, PMOI and NCRI) terrorist group.
 
"Even, sometimes they give wrong reports to this gentleman (Trump) and he claims that no city in Iran is tranquil and everywhere is in chaos and all Iranian people are hungry," President Rouhani said, addressing a large gathering of people in the town of Khoy in West Azarbaijan province.
 
"Israel, anti-revolutionary forces, Monafeqin (hypocrites as MKO members are called in Iran) and the Zionists are the sources of their wrong information and they think that they can attain their goal (against Iran) with a few months of pressures," he added.
 
President Rouhani underscored opposition of all the world states and nations, even the Europeans, to the US brutal pressures against Iran, and said the Iranian government and people would defeat the US.
 
Document FARSNA0020181123eebn00038




U.S. Sanctions and Domestic Pressure Will Provoke Iranian Regime’ Collapse
National Council of Resistance of Iran, 09:20 PM, 21 November 2018, 534 words, Staff Writer, (English)
The United States’pecial Representative for Iran, Brian Hook, has spoken about the Iranian regime and the effect the sanctions are having on it. He said that because of the sanctions that the United States has re-imposed on Iran, many ...
 
 
 
Iran Condemns New US "Fruitless" Sanctions
 
535 words
21 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
"These fruitless, irrational and inefficient sanctions against the real and legal individuals will not yield the results desired by their designers and executors, and sooner or later, they will be aware of the fruitlessness of what they think," Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi said on Wednesday.
 
The US Treasury on Tuesday announced sanctions on a network claimed to be involving the Iranian government and Russian companies that provide oil to the Syrian government.
 
Among the targets of sanctions are the deputy governor of the Central Bank of Iran (CBI), Syrian citizen Mohammad Amer Alchwiki and his Russia-based company, Global Vision Group. The sanctions freeze assets of the individuals and companies that are under US jurisdiction and bar Americans from doing business with them.
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran took place.
 
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said earlier this month that the American officials had admitted their incapability to stop Iran's crude sales, and the US sanctions would only leave negative impacts on imports of foodstuff, medicine and medical equipment.
 
"What the Iranian officials said that the US is not able to zero Iran's oil exports was proved with the US recent admission," President Rouhani said after a trilateral meeting with the parliament speaker and judiciary chief in Tehran.
 
"The US announced that it cannot zero Iran's oil sales because the oil prices will rise to $150; this is what we had said (before). In this region, either Iran's oil is exported or others will be in trouble as well," he added.
 
President Rouhani referred to the US lies that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment were exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
Also, last Monday, President Rouhani called on his US counterpart Donald Trump and his administration to watch out for the wrong information they receive from Israel and anti-Iran Mojahedin-e Khalq Organization (MKO, also known as the MEK, PMOI and NCRI) terrorist group.
 
"Even, sometimes they give wrong reports to this gentleman (Trump) and he claims that no city in Iran is tranquil and everywhere is in chaos and all Iranian people are hungry," President Rouhani said, addressing a large gathering of people in the town of Khoy in West Azarbaijan province.
 
"Israel, anti-revolutionary forces, Monafeqin (hypocrites as MKO members are called in Iran) and the Zionists are the sources of their wrong information and they think that they can attain their goal (against Iran) with a few months of pressures," he added.
 
President Rouhani underscored opposition of all the world states and nations, even the Europeans, to the US brutal pressures against Iran, and said the Iranian government and people would defeat the US.
 
Document FARSNA0020181121eebl000f5




South Korea vows to maintain commercial ties with Iran
 
626 words
20 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Ryu Jeong-hyun hailed Tehran-Seoul diplomatic relations, which date back to 1962, and contended that the two countries can proceed with commercial relations, reported Fars News Agency.
 
The diplomat, who was speaking during a visit to the northern Iranian city of Rasht where he met members of the city council on Monday, said, "Iran will surely overcome unilateral sanctions."
 
Noting that South Korea has been exempted from Iran-related sanctions, he said that his country can continue trade with Iran and buy oil.
 
"Ties might not be good at present. But I promise you they will be excellent in the future," he said.
 
"Mutual cooperation cannot be limited to merely importing oil from Iran; rather they can be promoted to global and regional spheres," he said.
 
Referring to Ramsar protocol, the envoy said that the protocol maintains that Iran pays due attention to environmental issues.
 
"I will do all in my power to overcome problems faced by the two countries in the field of environment and global issues," he said.
 
"I will support a sisterhood agreement between Rasht and one of the South Korean cities," he said, noting that Rasht is one of the Iranian pioneer cities in the field of culture and agriculture.
 
Head of Rasht City Council Amirhossein Alavi said that mutual interactions will surely benefit both sides.
 
He also voiced willingness for exchanging experience and using South Korean capacities in all fields, particularly environment.
 
On November 7, Iran and South Korea reached an agreement to use South Korean national currency (won) in bilateral trade to bypass US sanctions.
 
A day before that, the US announced South Korea, along with seven other countries, will be granted waivers on Iranian crude oil purchases. US exemptions were later extended to include Iraq and Afghanistan, making a total of 10 countries excused from the consequences of US sanctions.
 
On November 12, the southern Iranian province of Bushehr and a South Korean trade and commercial delegation signed five memorandums of understanding (MoUs) to boost cooperation between the two countries.
 
The waiver would enable South Korean refiners to continue the purchase of Iranian condensate, which is ultralight oil used for various petrochemical products, according to South Korean news agency Yonhap.
 
Following the waiver, South Korean Vice Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy Cheong Seung-il, said the move has "considerably eased uncertainties surrounding trade with Iran", adding that the South Korean government will "continue to provide liquidity assistance to small- and medium-sized companies experiencing difficulties doing business with Iran and explore alternative markets", according to Yonhap.
 
The two sides will restart the won-based settlement of bilateral trade transactions via the Central Bank of Iran (CBI)'s accounts at two South Korean banks: Woori Bank and the Industrial Bank of Korea (IBK).
 
The news agency quoted a source as saying that "it's expected to provide South Korean firms with more opportunities for the trade of non-sanctions items such as medical products, processed food and home appliances, although the exports of some products including steel and automobile parts will be affected by the sanctions".
 
South Korea is the third-largest buyer of Iranian oil after China and India.
 
South Korea has broad economic relations with Iran and is also a big buyer of oil and gas products from Iran. Seoul was among the first eight countries which the US exempted from the unilateral sanctions of Washington against Tehran.
 
South Korean officials in numerous occasions have reiterated the resolute will of their country to expand ties with Iran and a in a related front in February, former South Korean ambassador to Iran Kim Seung Ho underscored that Seoul supports the Korean companies' further cooperation and investment in Iran.
 
Document IRADLY0020181120eebk000hb




Cuba interested in Iran-EU clearing mechanism
 
355 words
20 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
A senior Cuban official was quoted as saying by Press TV that Havana was watching the progress of discussions between Tehran and Brussels over the creation of a 'special purpose vehicle' (SPV) which would provide a tentative solution for clearing payments to Iran normally banned under US sanctions.
 
"There was a mention of this instrument and we of course also raised the interest that we would have in any solution of this kind that would allow European companies to become increasingly involved in foreign investment and bilateral trade with Cuba," senior Cuban Foreign Ministry official Rodolfo Reyes told AFP.
 
Despite a thawing of ties under Trump's predecessor Barack Obama, the US still has a sweeping economic embargo in force against Cuba that dates back to the 1960s.
 
The SPV would in theory allow Iran to keep selling oil and European companies to continue doing business in the country despite the US sanctions.
 
The EU proposed the mechanism to help protect the economic benefits for Iran from the 2015 nuclear agreement that the members of the Security Council plus Germany sealed with the country.
 
The SPV is a kind of clearing house that could be used to help match Iranian oil and gas exports against purchases of EU goods in an effective barter arrangement circumventing US sanctions, based on global use of the dollar for oil sales.
 
It aims to dodge the global reach of the US financial system by using an EU intermediary to handle trade with Iran. It could ensure, for example, that Iranian oil bought by Europeans could be paid for with EU goods and services of the same value.
 
The administration of US President Donald Trump launched the second wave of sanctions against Iran from November 5 in which a universal ban on the country's oil exports is a primary objective.
 
US officials have already said the sanctions would be meant to bring down Iran's oil exports to zero among other restrictions. However, Iranian officials have repeatedly rejected the feasibility of this, stressing that international consumers cannot afford to lose Iranian supplies.
 
Document IRADLY0020181120eebk000h8




Iran’ FM calls Russia perfect partner
 
373 words
20 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
In an interview with French daily Le Figaro, Zarif said Russia is a perfect political and trade partner for the Islamic Republic of Iran.
 
Russia understands Iran very well, as Moscow itself has been slapped with strict US sanctions, the top Iranian diplomat noted, Tasnim News Agency reported.
 
He said Washington is trying to mount pressure on Iran’ neighbors to implement the anti-Tehran sanctions, however saying that such attempts would get nowhere.
 
Earlier this month, the administration of US President Donald Trump announced the reimposition of the toughest”anctions ever against Iran's banking and energy sectors with the aim of cutting off the country's oil sales and crucial exports.
 
The announcement came after Washington withdrew in May from the landmark Iran nuclear agreement, officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), and decided to reimpose unilateral sanctions against Tehran.
 
The European Union, which coordinated the talks leading to the nuclear deal, has lambasted the US for breaking it, and vowed to stay true to the accord. It has given assurances of implementing measures aimed at protecting its firms in the face of the American sanctions.
 
However, the top Iranian diplomat said on Tuesday that European countries are finding it difficult to set up a special purpose vehicle (SPV) to allow non-dollar trade with Iran.
 
The SPV would act as a clearing house that could be used to help match Iranian oil and gas exports to purchases of EU goods, circumventing US sanctions which are based on the global use of the dollar for oil trading.
 
The Europeans are facing a challenge in identifying a country to host the SPV,”arif said. In reality some countries who have been suggested as hosts have not accepted this task and the negotiations for identifying a host for the SPV mechanism are continuing.”
 
Iran cannot continue with the current situation unless its economic benefits are guaranteed in the deal, Zarif said on Tuesday, according to ICANA.
 
Although the US has pledged to eventually halt all Iran’ global crude oil sales, for now it has said eight countries –hina, India, South Korea, Japan, Italy, Greece, Taiwan and Turkey –an continue imports without penalty.
 
Document IRADLY0020181120eebk000gt




 
 
Jamal Khashoggi Case: UK Foreign Office Says It's Exploring A 'Sanctions Regime' with EU Against Saudi Arabia
 
651 words
20 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
The UK's Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) stated that London had been clear "that we need to see accountability for the horrific murder of the journalist Jamal Khashoggi".
 
"We are exploring with EU (European Union) partners the potential for an EUglobal human rights sanctions regime, which could address such brutal human rights violations," an foreign office spokesperson told CNBC in a statement Monday.
 
"We will of course wait for the final outcome of the Turkish investigation before making any decisions," the spokesperson added.
 
The foreign office announced that it would base any decision on punitive action against Saudi Arabia on the kingdom's own explanation for Khashoggi's death.
 
"The actions Britain and our allies take will depend on two things: Firstly the credibility of the final explanation given by Saudi Arabia, and secondly on our confidence that such an appalling episode cannot —nd will not —e repeated," it noted.
 
Saudi Arabia continues to strenuously deny any involvement in Khashoggi's death, it's foreign minister stating in October that the death happened during an "operation where individuals ended up exceeding the authorities and responsibilities they had". It has already announced forthcoming prosecutions of 11 suspects and it is seeking the death penalty for five of them.
 
A report by the CIA has purportedly come to a different conclusion, however, with media reports suggesting at the weekend that the CIA has said Saudi Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman ordered the murder. Saudi's Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said early Tuesday that the CIA's assessment of the murder was false. A full report could be released by the CIA on Tuesday, US President Donald Trump said.
 
CNBC has asked the UK Foreign Office for further detail on what kind of restrictions it could impose on Saudi Arabia and has asked for further detail on an EUglobal human rights sanctions regime.
 
International uproar over Khashoggi's murder has already translated into US sanctions at an individual level. The US Treasury Department announced last week "Magnitsky Act" sanctions against 17 individuals for their alleged role in the killing.
 
Sanctions on states, entities or individuals are already a part of the EU's punitive toolkit but there have been increasing calls for the region to develop a sanctions regime that targets individuals specifically on the grounds of grave human rights violations, similar to the Magnitsky Act.
 
Government officials from all 28 EU member states are meeting in The Hague on Tuesday to discuss such a proposal, the EU Observer reported Monday.
 
The UK had previously signaled that it could consider some form of punitive action against Saudi Arabia if the country was found to be complicit in Khashoggi's death.
 
"If the stories that we read about are true, and if you are asking me whether that will have consequences for the relationship with Saudi Arabia, then yes, of course it will," Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt told the BBC in mid-October. But he also added that he was mindful of the UK's "strategic partnership" with Saudi Arabia.
 
Germany issued a travel ban for 18 Saudi nationals allegedly connected to the crime from travelling in the continent's 26-country Schengen area on Monday.
 
There are both Turkish and Saudi investigations ongoing into the murder of Khashoggi, who was last seen alive on October 2 entering the Saudi consulate in Istanbul.
 
Turkish officials investigating the death said he was murdered and identified a 15-man Saudi "hit squad" who traveled to Istanbul to carry out the murder. Riyadh initially denied any involvement, then conceded that "rogue elements" had carried out a premeditated murder.
 
But it has vehemently denied that its king or crown prince ordered the murder and has sought to distance its royals from the international outrage at Khashoggi's death.
 
Document FARSNA0020181120eebk000bn




Rouhani: Iran will not yield to US psychological war, will continue oil exports
 
532 words
19 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
We will not yield to this pressure, which is part of the psychological war launched against Iran,”ouhani said in a speech in the city of Khoy in West Azarbaijan Province, broadcast live on state television.
 
They have failed to stop our oil exports. We will keep exporting it ... Your regional policies have failed and you blame Iran for that failure, from Afghanistan to Yemen and Syria,”e added, Reuters reported.
 
The president said America’ failures were a result of resistance by all regional nations, and added that Iran had prevented the US from getting the Daesh terrorist group to establish dominion over the region.
 
We know you’e angry! [But] correct your mistakes! You cannot cut Iran’ oil exports,”he president said.
 
Rouhani said Washington lacked the necessary international support for its sanctions, and noted that it had granted temporary waivers to eight major buyers of Iranian oil.
 
America is isolated now. Iran is supported by many countries. Except for the Zionist regime [Israel] and some countries in the region, no other country backs America’ pressure on Iran,”e said.
 
The US has unilaterally withdrawn from a multilateral nuclear deal with Iran, imposing sanctions on the country, including on its oil sales, and declaring that it would bring the country’ crude exports to zero.”ut the US has been forced to issue waivers to Iran’ major oil clients to prevent a huge spike in oil prices, according to Brian Hook, the US special representative for Iran.
 
We had to give a handful of waivers to about eight countries because we did not want oil to go to 90-100 dollars per barrel,”ook conceded in an interview with the Israeli i24news.
 
The European Union, France, Germany, Britain, Russia and China, participants with the United States in the 2015 deal that lifted sanctions on Iran in exchange for curbs on its nuclear program, have been trying to find ways to circumvent the US limitations.
 
In particular, the EU has been trying to establish a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for non-dollar trade with Iran.
 
The SPV was conceived as a clearing house that could be used to help match Iranian oil and gas exports against purchases of EU goods, circumventing the US sanctions, which are based on the global use of the dollar for oil trade.
 
President Rouhani said it was the first time that America was making a decision to act against a certain nation and the entire world was resisting that decision.
 
In restoring the so-called primary sanctions against Iran and the secondary sanctions”gainst Iran’ partners, the administration of US President Donald Trump has been hoping to get the other parties to the nuclear deal with Iran to likewise scrap the deal, only to see them close ranks in defending the agreement and work harder to sustain it.
 
President Rouhani also said Iran would further enhance its relations with its neighbors and that attempts to mar those relations would fail.
 
The Iranian president inaugurates several civil development projects, including a major railway, and medical programs in West Azarbaijan Province.
 
Document IRADLY0020181120eebj0005o




Mogherini: SPV to be delivered ‘ooner rather than later’
 
582 words
19 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
You have to ask the Foreign Ministers of France, Germany and the UK. Our work continues, their work continues and we support it,”he said in response to a question as to when the SPV is going to be ready.
 
She made the remarks ahead of the European foreign ministers' meeting in Brussels on Monday, Tasnim News Agency reported.
 
The involvement of the Finance Ministers of the E3 (France, Germany, UK) is of key importance at this stage. They are working hard to finalize it. I cannot tell you a date, but I can tell you that work is continuing and is progressing in a positive manner.”
 
And again, as I said, the involvement of the Finance Ministers of these three Member States, but also of other member states is, I think, a crucial step that makes me think that it will be delivered sooner rather than later,”ogherini said.
 
EU countries led by France, Germany and Britain —ignatories to the 2015 Iran nuclear deal —ant to enable non-US trade with Iran to continue in defiance of Washington.
 
The EU has devised the SPV, a financial mechanism, to continue trade with Iran and neutralize the US sanctions against Tehran.
 
A tweet by a Wall Street Journal reporter suggested that EU's Helga Schmid and German, British and French politicians were set to meet ahead of the European foreign ministers' meeting in Brussels on Monday to discuss Iran and the European financial mechanism of SPV.
 
Tomorrow morning, before EU foreign ministers meet, @HelgaSchmid_EU will talk #Iran #SPV with E3 political directors,”aurence Norman said on his Twitter account on Monday, referring to the expected meeting between Secretary General of the European External Action Service and politicians from the E3 countries.
 
Not being led to expect a solution on #SPV yet but they will be trying,”orman further wrote.
 
France to host SPV
 
Meanwhile, Iran’ deputy Oil Minister Amirhossein Zamaninia said France might host the SPV” the semi-official Fars news agency reported on Monday.
 
The French Foreign Ministry declined to comment. The Finance Ministry has said that all options are on the table for the SPV and that no decisions had been taken.
 
The SPV is a kind of clearing house that could be used to help match Iranian oil and gas exports against purchases of EU goods in an effective barter arrangement circumventing US sanctions, based on global use of the dollar for oil sales.
 
The goal was to have the SPV legally in place by this month though not operational until next year, but no country has offered to host it, six diplomats told Reuters last week.
 
The SPV is seen as the lynchpin of European efforts to salvage the nuclear accord, from which US President Donald Trump —ho took office after the pact was clinched —ithdrew in May, calling it flawed in Iran’ favor.
 
Trump’ decision to drop out of an international nuclear deal between Iran and six great powers to pursue maximum pressure”as widened a rift between the US and its European allies.
 
The other nations that joined the accord —rance, Germany, the UK, Russia and China —ll have vowed to stand by the agreement, which traded restrictions on Iran’ nuclear program for sanctions relief.
 
The International Atomic Energy Agency has repeatedly said Iran is continuing to abide by limits on its nuclear program it agreed to under the July 2015 deal.
 
Document IRADLY0020181120eebj0005n




 
 
Energy Minister: Russia, Iran to Use Nat'l Currencies in Trade Exchanges
 
470 words
19 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
"We do not recognize (the US sanctions against Iran), which were introduced unilaterally without the approval of the United Nations Security Council," the Russian energy minister said.
 
"We will continue seeking mechanisms for cooperation and one of them is the settlements for supplied goods in national currencies," Novak added.
 
He reiterated that settling payments with Iran in national currencies would enable Moscow to develop cooperation with Tehran.
 
"This is not a new situation for us when sanctions are introduced against Iran. Until 2015, when they were lifted, we had cooperated with Iran and developed trade and economic cooperation," Novak said.
 
Over the past months, Russia has repeatedly raised the possibility of replacing the US dollar with other currencies in its transactions with the outside world in response to the US sanctions.
 
In August, the Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said Moscow could reject the US dollar in oil trade.
 
"It is not ruled out. We have significantly reduced our investments in US assets. In fact, the dollar, which was considered the global currency, becomes a risky instrument for settlements,”iluanov added.
 
Expansion of Iran-Russia relations has gone smoothly in the past years as the two sides have held a wide gamut of ties in the fields of energy, rail and aviation industries.
 
Iran exported close to $300 million worth of non-oil goods to Russia during the past Iranian year (March 2017-2018).
 
Food products accounted for 70% of the exports to the northern neighbor. Metal, cement, chemical materials and minerals were among other commodities exported from Iran to Russia. Reportedly, 14 Iranian chambers have offices in Russia.
 
In the last several years, Iran and Russia have had vast cooperation in different fields, especially in political and economic spheres.
 
The two states also enjoy special positions on the international scene and have long had constant and regular consultations on key regional and global issues.
 
On November 23, 2017, President Putin arrived in Tehran to meet Iran's top officials and participate in the Gas Exporting Countries Forum (GECF) conference.
 
Upon arrival in Iran, he rushed to meet Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei that lasted for two hours. Then later in the day he met his counterpart President Rouhani and the two presidents also attended a press conference.
 
Also on November 23, 2017, high-ranking Iranian and Russian officials inked 7 cooperation Memoranda of Understanding (MoU) in the presence of President Rouhani and President Putin.
 
One of the documents endorsed by Iranian and Russian top diplomats Mohammad Javad Zarif and Sergei Lavrov eased visa requirements for reciprocal visits by the two countries' nationals.
 
The other documents and MoUs were related to the health, railway, banking, insurance, electricity, power plant, water and energy sectors.
 
Document FARSNA0020181119eebj0008j




How China is helping Iran skirt U.S. sanctions
 
853 words
17 November 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"></figure>
 
TEHRAN - Shortly after the Trump administration reimposed sweeping sanctions on the Islamic Republic of Iran, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo made an important announcement. It was a calculated move to avoid a major embarrassment. The hawks in the power corridors of Washington had anticipated the backlash of sanctions on U.S. foreign policy with many global powers rebuffing Trump’ foolhardy move.
 
Pompeo said eight countries would be exempted from the draconian sanctions on buying Iranian crude oil due to special circumstances. The countries included China, India, Italy, Greece, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and Turkey.
 
Many of these countries had quite clearly indicated that they would not be cutting oil imports from Iran under the U.S. pressure, most importantly China, Turkey, and India –hree of Iran’ largest oil customers.
 
While India has its own strategic interests in maintaining good relations with Tehran, for instance, the Chabahar port project in Sistan-Baluchistan, Turkey’ relations with Washington have hit a new low following sanctions and trade tariffs imposed by the U.S.
 
China, which has emerged as a viable counterweight to U.S. hegemony in the world and a protagonist of new international economic policy, has unambiguously reaffirmed its commitment to keep alive the Iran nuclear deal and stand by the Islamic Republic of Iran.
 
On November 5, when the petroleum-related sanctions came into effect, Chinese foreign ministry said it will continue to hold a fair, objective and responsible attitude”nd resolutely safeguard its legitimate rights” while reiterating its opposition to the unilateral U.S. sanctions.
 
China feels sorry for the U.S.' decision and we noticed that the international world as a whole opposes the practice of such unilateral sanctions,”oreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said at a press briefing.
 
She said Iran has been seriously fulfilling its obligations under the JCPOA and its efforts have been recognized by the International Atomic Energy Agency dozen times. She also affirmed that China will firmly safeguard its lawful rights while continuing to adhere to JCPOA and urged relevant parties to stand on the right side of history”
 
China has maintained that implementing the Iranian nuclear deal is akin to safeguarding the authority of UN Security Council, basic norms of international law, international non-proliferation treaty and peace and stability in the Middle East.
 
As one of the remaining signatories of the JCPOA, along with European Union countries who are exploring options to circumvent the U.S. sanctions, Beijing wants to keep the deal alive. China, believe experts, is in a better position compared to other Asian countries as it is not subservient to U.S. interests and is already embroiled in a bitter trade war with Washington.
 
For all parties of the JCPOA, Iranian crude oil is the main commodity of interest, particularly for Beijing. In 2017, one-third of Iran’ oil was supplied to China, which underlines the significance of oil trade between the two countries. China’ commitment to continue importing oil from Iran is very likely to deal a body blow to U.S. ploy of reducing Iranian oil imports to zero and ‘tarving’he Iranian nation.
 
Hu Xijin, chief editor of the influential Chinese daily Global Times, told Tehran Times that there was no possibility of Washington reducing the Iranian oil exports to zero, because Washington lacks righteousness to do so, therefore it can’ have the full support of the international community”
 
To continue oil trade in different currencies other than dollar, Iran has been in talks with key allies, including China. On September 29, Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said Tehran would circumvent sanctions by conducting trade in all currencies to avoid using the US dollar. You can use your own currency. Sell stuff in your own currency, buy stuff in the other country’ currency, and at the end of a specific period, balance it out in a non-dollar currency. It’ quite possible and may even be profitable,”
 
China, which is the largest oil importer in the world with around nine million barrels imports every day, has been making concerted efforts to reshape the global oil market with increased usage of its currency in oil trading. If Chinese currency manages to replace the U.S. dollar, it will be a masterstroke.
 
U.S. has been rendered friendless and isolated in its quest to tear up the Iran deal and force countries to cut oil imports from Iran. European Union has already refused to back down on the Iran deal, exploring ways to develop payment channels to facilitate payments related to Iran’ exports. The goal, according to a statement issued by EU, is to protect the freedom of other economic operators to pursue legitimate business with Iran”
 
Beijing has expressed its full support to the EU's proposal to set up a "special payments system" to facilitate trade with Iran and safeguard the Iranian nuclear deal, which experts believe will significantly reduce reliance on the U.S. dollar in the global oil trade. That will be a game-changer.
 
Document TEHRNT0020181117eebh0010h




How India got US waiver on Iran oil, Chabahar
 
641 words
17 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
The latest tranche of US sanctions targeting Iran's oil exports and transactions between foreign financial institutions and Central Bank of Iran may hurt the economic interests of major buyers of Iranian oil.
 
Washington granted temporary waivers to eight countries, including India, allowing them to buy quantities of Iranian oil. India also secured a waiver on its investment in Iran's Chabahar port, being developed by New Delhi as an entrepô for expanding its trade with Iran, Afghanistan and Central Asian republics.
 
As the United States withdrew from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, JCPOA —ailed as an achievement of multilateral diplomacy —t once again turned to the great power style of dealing with countries on a bilateral or case by case basis, where it wants to exert pressure.
 
After denying 'blanket waivers' to European business operating in Iran, the US approach in granting waivers is about giving countries more time to wind down import of oil from Iran, while also avoiding disrupting global oil markets.
 
Notwithstanding New Delhi's assurance to Iran that "it follows only UN sanctions and not unilateral sanctions by any other country", it had to find its way around secondary US sanctions, which can punish third-country business entities doing business with Iran by limiting their access to American financial network.
 
Early on, India decided to get in touch with the European Union, which was working to create a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) that would sidestep the US financial system by providing an EU intermediary to handle trade with Iran. But the slow progress on operationalizing the SPV and the sharp opposition of the United States to the initiative, denounced by Secretary Pompeo as "one of the most counterproductive measures imaginable for regional and international peace and security", seemed to have pushed India to seek a better understanding with the United States.
 
In the first week of October, the state-run refiners Indian Oil Corp. Ltd. (IOC) and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd. booked Iranian oil for the month of November.
 
Many saw it as India's willingness to defy US pressure, but the reduction in volume was also an attempt to secure a waiver.
 
India and the US had reached a compromise whereby India would be allowed to import Iranian oil, securing its vital economic interests. India will make the complete payment for its Iranian oil imports in an escrow account set up in UCO bank in India, and Iran will have to spend down that amount to pay for its imports from India.
 
The US Treasury's decision to exempt Indian investment in Iran's Chabahar port is hardly surprising, given President (Donald) Trump's South Asia strategy, announced in August last year, strongly exhorted India to play a bigger role in Afghanistan, especially in the field of` economic assistance and development.
 
The rail link between Chabahar and Zahedan on Iran-Afghan border was also exempted from the sanctions.
 
This rail link is to be extended to Mashhad in eastern Iran and thereafter to Central Asia, and is crucial to the trade and transit corridor that would operationalize the potential of the Chabahar port.
 
Now that eight countries have secured waivers to import Iranian oil seem to suggest that repeated declarations by Trump administration to reduce Iran's oil revenue to zero were more a tactic to create an atmosphere of uncertainty within which waivers negotiations would have to take place.
 
The fact that all the major buyers of Iranian oils are economic heavyweights of Asia, who share the cause of safeguarding free and open international order threatened by Trump's America first approach, is reflective of an ongoing global transition in which regional powers have increasing space to shape the world.
 
*Deepika Saraswat is a research fellow at the Indian Council of World Affairs.
 
Document IRADLY0020181117eebh000mj




Trump’ sanctions against Iran help the US’ enemies and weaken its friends
 
500 words
17 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Economic sanctions never work –hey are a blunt tool that will destabilize the Middle East and embolden hardliners
 
Economic sanctions are state aggression. The newly sanctions imposed by the US against Iran are broadened to embrace any country, company or individual dealing with Tehran. A few lucky friends”f Donald Trump –hina, India, Iraq, Turkey, Korea –ay escape. The EU has also promised to help companies that resist, but that may not count for much. Almost every international corporation does some business with the US. Trump’ edict that his enemy’ friend is his enemy is a declaration of war on his friends.
 
It is hard to think of a good reason for this action. Economic sanctions are the ultimate soft power, virtue signaling by rich states against poor ones. They supposedly work by inducing an impoverished populace to rise up and demand their government surrender. They never do. Sanctions mostly strengthen and embattle those in power –orth Korea, Cuba and Iran being cases in point. Sanctions against Russia over Crimea have been utterly pointless.
 
Ironically Iran is one of the few places where sanctions may have had some –imited –ffect, in edging Tehran towards the 2015 nuclear treaty with President Obama. That was largely because Iran retained elements of democratic accountability. That accountability must have evaporated in the US’ breach of faith. There is no evidence that Iran has reneged on its treaty undertakings. Trump protests at Iran’ support for bad guys”cross the Middle East. But that was not in the treaty, nor should it be the West’ business.
 
The US’ unilateral breach of the deal is not just an offence against international order, and probably law. By extending the sanctions to his allies, Trump has broken faith with them too. More serious, the sanctions will strengthen Tehran’ military and religious centers of power against the more liberal commercial ones. This will drive Iran further towards Russia and towards involvement in the region’ Islamist conflicts. To some forces, Trump is a dream American, a stupid and a belligerent one.
 
Economic war weakens the poor and the middle class, and strengthens autocracy. Because it is non-violent”nd largely cost-free to the aggressor, it precipitates no crisis and no pressure for resolution. The conflict just drags on, widening the gap between rich and poor states. Sanctions are the bluntest weapon in the foreign policy armory.
 
The hope now must be that after recent congressional election, Trump will seek some deal with the ayatollahs that he can label a victory, Korea-style. If so, bring it on. For the time being, the US president is harming his allies and aiding his enemies. He is destabilizing the Middle East and aggravating his wider campaign against global free trade. There is nothing good in it.
 
*Simon Jenkins is a columnist for the Guardian, from which the above article was taken.
 
Document IRADLY0020181117eebh000ml




 
 
Iran Calls on UN to Confront US' Evasive Behavior
 
1,703 words
17 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
The Iranian diplomat made the remarks on Friday in a meeting with UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres, calling on the UN chief to take an adequate position toward Washington's move to restore sanctions against Iran.
 
Apart from the sanctions, the Iranian envoy said, the UN needed to take action against America's move to unilaterally withdraw from its 2015 multi-lateral nuclear deal with Iran in May even though it had been approved by the UN Security Council as Resolution 2231 and respecting its contents was to be mandatory by all parties, including Iran and the US.
 
Khoshroo called it unprecedented in the world body’ history that a permanent member of the UN Security Council - like the US - would seek to punish other UN members - like Iran - for remaining committed to a Security Council resolution.
 
He further denounced US efforts to threaten other nations with secondary sanctions”f they breached the sanctions against Iran.
 
The international community should stand up to these arbitrary and extra-judicial actions,”hoshroo was quoted as saying.
 
He also described the Saudi-led attacks on Yemen as a "profound humanitarian catastrophe," and called for efforts to help end the war and begin the process of political reconciliation among the concerned parties.
 
Guterres, for his part, emphasized the need for multilateralism”n the face of international issues, and hoped that the war on Yemen come to an end and the resulting humanitarian catastrophe be stemmed soon.
 
The meeting was concluded by the outgoing Iranian envoy’ presenting the UN chief with a hand-woven tapestry featuring the latter’ portrait to be displayed at the world body’ permanent exhibition.
 
On November 5, Khoshroo cabled a letter to the UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres, asserting that the United Nations must hold the US to account for its "illegal" move to reinstate sanctions on Tehran.
 
"The United Nations and its member states, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and the international law, should resist against these wrongful acts and hold the United States accountable for such acts," he highlighted.
 
"The irresponsible conduct of the United States necessitates a collective response by the international community in order to uphold the rule of law, to prevent undermining diplomacy and to protect multilateralism," Khoshroo underlined.
 
The Iranian UN envoy further emphasized that the most recent unilateral acts and sanctions imposed by the US "brazenly and boldly" disregard the Security Council Resolution 2231 (2015), which endorses the JCPOA.
 
Khoshroo said the US sanctions and its previous reckless acts are specifically designed to directly and adversely affect economic relations with Iran”y intimidating third parties and pressuring other states to abide by its political aspirations.
 
He added that the United States also forces other countries to violate Resolution 2231 that all states are obligated under Article 25 of the Charter of the United Nations to accept and carry out."
 
"The United States’nilateral coercive measures, in particular those with extra-territorial application, invoke discrimination against civilians on the basis of the country of residence, or nationality," the Iranian diplomat pointed out.
 
He said the US sanctions are in violation of the well-established principles" of non-interference in internal affairs of other countries and freedom of international trade.
 
The JCPOA provided for Iran to treat such a re-introduction or re-imposition of the sanctions …s grounds to cease performing its commitments”nder the nuclear accord in whole or in part, he added.
 
Khoshroo emphasized that Iran has scrupulously fulfilled its nuclear-related commitments under the JCPOA, as has been repeatedly and consistently verified by the consecutive reports of International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) - the latest of which was issued in August.
 
Khoshroo's letter to Guterres came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181117eebh0009e




 
 
Spanish Diplomat: Europe Firm to Defy US Unilateralism
 
1,254 words
17 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Valenzuela made the remarks on Saturday in a meeting with Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister for Political Affairs Seyed Abbas Araqchi in Madrid.
 
The European Union is seeking to provide a mechanism to cover Iran-Europe relations independent of the central bank and other monetary and financial bodies, he maintained.
 
"As long as Iran and the European Union preserve Iran deal, they will have the opportunity to find a solution for removing trade barriers," the senior Spanish diplomat reassured.
 
During the meeting, both sides discussed issues of mutual interests such as political, economic, regional and international issues.
 
Iranian and Spanish diplomats also discussed regional developments especially future of Syria, massacre of civilians in Yemen, the recent development in the Persian Gulf and issues related to the terrorist groups like the ISIL.
 
Earlier on November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it did not cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycotts of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers parties to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181117eebh0008y




 
 
Diplomat: US Sanctions on Iran against Europe's Sovereignty
 
1,296 words
17 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
The Iranian senior diplomat made the remarks on Friday while visiting Madrid for talks with senior Spanish officials.
 
"We are waiting to see how Europe will defend its sovereignty against Washington's pressure," Araqchi underlined.
 
He further said the international community, except one or two countries, has condemned the US move to re-impose "unlawful" sanctions against Iran in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231, which endorses the JCPOA.
 
However, the US is using its economic power and the dollar to impose its own demands on other countries, he added, noting that European companies seem to be taking US orders more seriously than those of their own governments.
 
The senior Iranian diplomat pointed to the latest report by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that confirmed for the 13th times the Islamic Republic's adherence to its commitments under the JCPOA and said the "unreasonable and illogical" US exit from the JCPOA would lead to countries' lack of trust in dialogue, diplomacy and the Security Council's strategies.
 
Earlier on November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181117eebh0008z




 
 
Iran, Spain Confer on Bilateral Ties, N. Deal
 
1,398 words
17 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
During the Saturday meeting between Araqchi and Garcí-Escudero, the Iranian diplomat hailed the growth of economic and commercial cooperation between Tehran and Madrid, and said, "Thanks to Iran nuclear deal, the volume of trade ties between Tehran and Madrid reached 2b last year."
 
The Iranian diplomat added that over 3,000 Spanish firms have also joined the Iranian market in the post-JCPOA period.
 
The deputy foreign minister went on to say that the US unilateral measures have affected trade activities in the world.
 
"Iranian parliament is pursuing this issue seriously," he said adding , "We believe that European countries' parliaments will be effective in maintaining cooperation with European governments to lift barriers."
 
Garcí-Escudero, for his part, expressed condolences over the loss of 26 innocent Iranians in the terrorist attack which happened on September 22 in the Southwestern city of Ahwaz in Iran and slammed terrorist acts in general.
 
Spain is completely aware of the US cruel sanctions and also of Iranians' problems, he said.
 
The Spanish government and the EU support Iran nuclear deal also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and is aimed to minimize the effects of sanctions, he reiterated.
 
US withdrawal from the JCPOA caused serious challenge for security in the Middle East, he said, adding it will also affect other areas like Europe.
 
Garcí-Escudero underlined the fact that Iran is playing a major role in the region, noting that European countries including Spain are against sanctions and US walkaway from the JCPOA.
 
He urged Iran not to hesitate about Europe's determination and goodwill for solving problems resulted by US withdrawal from Iran deal.
 
Earlier on November 05, the European Union, France, Germany and Britain issued a joint statement regretting US' decision to impose new sanctions against Iran, saying that they will continue supporting the European companies engaging in legal business with Iran.
 
The reaction came after the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal will be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it did not cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions will be the second batch of bans to be re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycotts of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers parties to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181117eebh00090




 
 
Why Is US Targeting Iran with Sanctions and Political Charades?
 
722 words
16 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
The resolution adopted by the UN General Assembly’ Human Rights Committee was approved Thursday in a 85-30, with 68 abstentions. 8 states did not take part in the voting. This means that while it doesn't have the approval of a majority of the member states, 108, the resolution will probably be approved by the 193-member world body when it comes up for voting next month.
 
Speaking ahead of voting on the Canadian draft resolution, Iran's deputy ambassador to the UN Es’aq Al-e Habib said the countries sponsoring the measure have done everything in their power to suppress or derail”ranian people’ century-long struggle for the causes of human rights and democracy.”
 
As is often the case, the United States and its handful of allies are behind this new move. They are also the ones helping the US to impose its unilateral sanctions against Iran on vague charges.
 
However, these illegal sanctions and other political charades at the UN against Iran have produced a tangled web that often hurt bankrupt American and Western companies more than Iranian oil and gas exporters.
 
Given the intemperate and increasingly confrontational posture of the United States and its vassals, it is obvious that there is nothing to this than meets the eye:
 
1. Iran stands at the center of US ambitions in the Middle East and Eurasia. With its growing influence, Iran is the crucial link in the formation of a new Asian energy security grid by China and Russia. That explains why Washington and Arab vassals are desperate to keep Iran out of any transnational oil and gas pipeline deal, project or equation.
 
2. Iran has the largest combined oil and gas reserves in the world after Russia, and it refuses to be a US vassal. Its growing influence on the Western front is more to do with America’ support for corrupt and hated regimes and their ill-fated wars on Afghanistan, Syria and Yemen than it has to do with any active Iranian hostility, threat or intervention.
 
3. On the Eastern front, it is geopolitical circumstances that dictate Iran’ geo-strategic importance. The rapidly emerging economies of China and others and their growing energy needs in a world with finite and depleting energy reserves have been the forcing house for a new alliance of oil exporting and importing nations in Central and Eastern Asia.
 
4. China and other Asian giants need to secure supplies of oil and gas from Iran. The most significant development is the decision by the Trump administration to give sanctions wavers to China, India, South Korea, Japan, and some European countries to continue to purchase Iran’ oil which cannot be replaced by other producers.
 
5. As regional powers strengthen ties in this key energy market, they are also looking to China, and away from the West. Washington is desperate to stop this. The problem is Washington cannot replace Iran in the energy market in this part of the world so easily.
 
6. The South Pars gas field –he largest in the world –s shared by Iran and Qatar. They play a key role in global gas supply security as well, which means just like its oil exports, Iran’ natural gas supply cannot be replaced.
 
7. Washington is counting on its allies Saudi Arabia and Israel to sabotage Iran’ role as a reliable energy supplier and security provider. Its unilateral sanctions and political charades at the UN are specifically designed to isolate Iran, curb energ investment in the country and destroy its oil and gas infrastructures and stop it from being a reliable energy hub connected to the Caspian Sea, the Black Sea, the Persian Gulf and the Mediterranean Sea through pipelines and sea routes.
 
Considering the above, understanding the real reasons behind the sinister sanctions regime and baseless accusations against Iran regarding human rights can help us understand better why the American interventionists and cohorts continue increasing hostilities towards Tehran, why they refuse to end their illegal wars on Iran’ allies in Syria and Iraq, and why they push the region into chaos. Yet a look at their failures and defeats in the last 4 decades displays that they will eventually be forced to acknowledge defeat.
 
Document FARSNA0020181116eebg000m9




EU has so far failed to find practical solutions to save JCPOA: Iran
 
696 words
16 November 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"></figure>
 
TEHRAN - Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi said on Friday that the European Union has so far failed to present a practical solution to save the 2015 nuclear deal, officially called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA).
 
Iran expects the EU to fulfill its economic obligations under the JCPOA,”e told reporters in Rome, Italy.
 
He noted that Iran has fulfilled its obligations under the JCPOA and expects the Europeans to meet their economic commitments along with the political ones.
 
Since the nuclear deal went into force the UN nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, has issued more than 10 reports each time confirming that Iran is fully abiding by the terms of the nuclear agreement.
 
Under the nuclear agreement signed between Iran, the European Union, Germany and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council in July 201, Tehran agreed to put limits on its nuclear activities in exchange for termination of economic and financial sanctions.
 
However, U.S. President Donald Trump officially withdrew Washington from the 2015 nuclear deal in May and ordered sanctions on Iran. The first round of sanctions went into force on August 6 and the second round, which targets Iran’ oil exports and banks, were announced on November 4.
 
Sanctions have endangered nuclear deal
 
Araqchi said on Thursday that the renewal of U.S. sanctions has endangered”he nuclear deal.
 
The new wave of anti-Iran sanctions by the U.S. puts pressure on underway efforts to implement the commitments existing under the agreement,”raqchi said in Rome.
 
The consequences of the reinstatement of the sanctions on the part of the U.S. are worrisome,”e added, according to Press TV.
 
The nuclear deal would offer the international community the guarantee that Iran would stay committed to the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), he told the Vatican’ Foreign Minister Paul Richard Gallagher during his one-day visit to Italy.
 
The recent move by Washington can bring along insecurity across the international community as it overshadows international relations and equations,”he Iranian official warned.
 
He said the other parties to the agreement consider the reimposition of the sanctions to be a heavy blow”o the NPT.
 
‘.S. using dollar as weapon to pressure Europe’
 
Araqchi also said the United States has turned its currency dollar into a "weapon" and is using it to challenge the sovereignty of European nations.
 
Dollar has become a weapon for the United Sates to force its illegitimate demands upon its European partners, practically challenging their national sovereignty," he said during his trip to Italy, Press TV reported.
 
During a meeting with Vito Rosario Petrocelli, the chairwoman of the Italian Senate's Foreign Committee, Araqchi reminded the Italian official that Iran had already fulfilled its commitments under the JCPOA and it was the European Union’ direct responsibility”o hold up its end of the bargain.
 
Sanctions challenge European sovereignty
 
Araqchi also said before sanctions can be seen as targeting Iran’ economy, they question the sovereignty, security, and credibility of Europe.
 
Speaking in a meeting with media representatives in Madrid on Friday, Abbas Araqchi stated that the reimposition of sanctions was illegal and against the UN Security Council resolutions and International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruling, according to IRNA.
 
Unfortunately, America takes advantage of dollar to impose its demands,”raqchi said, adding that it seems European companies have followed the U.S. orders more than their local governments.
 
The JCPOA was a rare achievement of Europe’ foreign policy and the result of many years of negotiations between Iran and global powers, Araqchi underlined.
 
Pointing to the recent report released by the IAEA verifying Iran’ commitment to the JCPOA for the 13th time, he said, America’ illogical withdrawal from the nuclear deal will make other countries not trust negotiations, diplomacy or the United Nations Security Council mechanisms.”
 
We hope that Europe will be able to manage this situation,”raqchi said, adding, We are looking forward to seeing how Europe will defend its sovereignty against Washington’ pressures.”
 
NA/SP/PA
 
Document TEHRNT0020181116eebg000p2




IMF: Iran’ Inflation Will Reach 40% by End of Year
National Council of Resistance of Iran, 09:34 PM, 15 November 2018, 470 words, Staff Writer, (English)
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is projecting that Iran’ inflation rate will soar to over 40% by the end of the year, even though the economy is sinking into a deep recession.
 
 
 
IRGC Commander: Islamic Revolution Beating US in Past 40 Years
 
1,480 words
15 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Major General Jafari made the remarks on Thursday, speaking at a gathering held in the central Western Iranian city of Qazvin in commemoration of 3,000 martyrs of Qazvin Province, adding that the US might and dignity are on the verge of collapse, and the time for total annihilation of this evil power”ill come soon.
 
"The US of today is much weaker than what it was in forty years ago," the top commander underlined adding that the forty-year history of the 1979 Islamic Revolution is filled with the US' consecutive defeats when dealing with the Iranian people’ determination and the victory over the hegemonic system.
 
"Today, both Western and American officials have admitted their defeat in confrontation with Iran," he added.
 
"At the present time, defense and military officials of the US and the West declare that Iran will surely not become passive by threats and economic sanctions," he underscored.
 
Despite the world’ criticism over Washington’ anti-Iran measures, US President Donald Trump reinstated nuclear sanctions on Tehran on November 5 and imposed as he claimed the highest level”f economic bans on the Islamic Republic of Iran.
 
The United States is a regime formed on the basis of capitalism, racial discrimination and hegemonic behavior. Whenever they keep such spirit, our hostility toward them will continue,”he IRGC commander said.
 
On Friday, Tehran's provisional Friday Prayers leader Hojjatoleslam Kazzem Seddiqi said that Iran has grown stronger under the US sanctions in the past 4 decades, while the US is losing its power.
 
The senior cleric made the remarks in Tehran while addressing the congregation of Friday worshippers at Tehran University Campus.
 
"The US imposed sanctions on Iran in the past four decades but it led to Iran's progress in the fields of defense and missile," Ayatollah Seddiqi underlined adding that Iran will get stronger under new sanctions.
 
He noted that due to the sanctions, Iran owns lots of knowledge-based enterprises.
 
"Today, the Iranian nation builds fighter jets and unmanned aerial vehicles and it can produce its medical equipment and medicines, Hojjatoleslam Seddiqi underlined.
 
He said that Iran is now more powerful than the past four decades and on the contrary, the US power is in decline.
 
A first round of American sanctions took effect in August, targeting Iran's access to the US dollar, metals trading, coal, industrial software, and auto sector.
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181115eebf000jm




 
 
Army Chief: Trump's Acts Revealing US' Real Face
 
1,359 words
15 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Noting that today, the enemies of the Islamic Republic are far weaker than before,”eneral Mousavi said, the US, under Donald Trump’ presidency, has become isolated in the international arena.
 
Trump’ actions have also revealed the true image of the US' fake claims on defending human rights,”e added.
 
The army chief referred to Trump’ warmongering in the region, saying, the US is, as it has always been, trying to exert influence on the Middle East’ developments with the help of its regional allies.
 
However, today, we can strongly say that the US’egemony and dominance on West Asia is over,”e said.
 
The official called for overall solidarity against such evil measures, saying that strengthening the defensive power under the visions of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, and integrity of the armed forces”re the key to counter the plights of the US against the Islamic Republic.
 
The Army and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) are united to fight against the enemies and we will not let them reach their ominous goals,”eneral Mousavi said.
 
Earlier on Friday, Tehran's provisional Friday Prayers leader Hojjatoleslam Kazzem Seddiqi said that Iran has grown stronger under the US sanctions in the past 4 decades, while the US is losing its power.
 
Before that, on November 3, top Military Aide to the Iranian Supreme Leader Major General Yahya Rahim Safavi asserted that the US' power is fading away and Washington is unable to win control over Iranians’conomy and fate.
 
A first round of American sanctions took effect in August, targeting Iran's access to the US dollar, metals trading, coal, industrial software, and auto sector.
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181115eebf000gt




Any unilateral US sanctions illegitimate, could complicate bilateral ties, says Russia
 
370 words
14 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in an interview with Dozhd TV channel on Wednesday that Moscow could not predict what new sanctions the US planned to slap on Russia, but was sure that any restrictions would harm bilateral relations, Russia’ TASS news agency reported.
 
"It’ difficult to say about the nature of these sanctions," Peskov said. "Will they further complicate the situation with Russian-US relations? The answer is unequivocal: certainly, they will."
 
Relations between the two countries have hit new lows, with American officials planning to impose fresh sanctions against Moscow over the poisoning of former Russian intelligence agent Sergei Skripal in Britain, Presstv reported.
 
Peskov said the Kremlin did not recognize any US’ unilateral restrictions,”aying it considered them illegitimate.”
 
Washington has already imposed sanctions on Moscow over what it calls the attempted assassination of Skripal.
 
Back on March 4, Skripal, and his daughter, Yulia, fell ill in the British city of Salisbury. They were hospitalized and diagnosed with exposure to Novichok, a military-grade nerve agent.
 
Britain blamed Russia but never offered solid evidence.
 
The Kremlin has on numerous occasions rejected any involvement, saying the substance could have originated from the countries studying Novichok, including the UK itself.
 
However, London and Washington, along with their European allies, keep accusing Moscow of having orchestrated the alleged poisoning attack.
 
Also in his interview, Peskov hit out at the "unpredictability" of the US under Donald Trump’ administration, saying it was causing "deep global concern."
 
"The fact that America has become unpredictable lately is no secret to anyone," he said. "Such unpredictability from the largest country, the most powerful economy in the world, is the subject of deep global concern," he added.
 
The comments come ahead of a slated face-to-face between Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin at a G20 summit in Argentina later this month.
 
The two leaders met at the Éysé Palace in the French capital on Sunday.
 
Moscow and Washington are also at loggerheads over a range of other issues, especially the latter’ recent plan to walk away from a key Cold War-era arms control treaty. Resource: presstv
 
Document IRADLY0020181114eebe000rt




 
 
Iranians' Hatred of White House Flared Up by US Rhetoric of Threat
 
1,232 words
14 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
He made the remarks in a meeting with an Australian official in charge of affairs related to the JCPOA on Tuesday in Terhan.
 
"We expect the Australian government would take realistic policies toward the region and the Islamic Republic of Iran, as it has done in recent years," Amir-Abdollahian told the Australian official.
 
The former deputy foreign minister also added that the Islamic Republic of Iran is planning to go through the era of intensified sanctions, noting that "the threatening remarks of some US officials only increase the hatred of the Iranian people of the US government."
 
During the meeting, the two sides discussed the latest developments related to regional and international issues.
 
Iran signed the JCPOA with the US, Britain, France, Russia and China as well as Germany in 2015. Based on it, Iran agreed to restrict certain aspects of its nuclear energy activities in return for the removal of nuclear-related sanctions against the country.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181114eebe000c1




 
 
Spokesman: John Bolton Suffering Chronic Disease of Maltreating Iran
 
456 words
14 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Bolton on Tuesday threatened to squeeze”ran’ economy until the pips squeak,”ust one week after Washington imposed a new round of sanctions billed as the toughest ever.”
 
Qassemi on Tuesday rapped Bolton's comments, saying that "he is suffering from the chronic disease of mistreating Iran".
 
"The statement of such cheap words by a US official who has long had meetings with terrorist groups and is paid by them is no surprise," he added.
 
Documents released in June showed that Bolton received $40,000 to participate and address the audience in a gathering of the anti-Iran Mojahedin-e Khalq Organization (MKO, also known as the MEK, PMOI and NCRI) terrorist group in Paris in July 2017.
 
According to documents released by al-Monitor news website, the US Public Financial Disclosure Report in January 2018 for Bolton indicated that he has received $40,000 from the MKO as speaking fee in Paris gathering.
 
Qassemi underlined the Iranian nation and government's wisdom and resistance against the enemies, expressing confidence that they will not allow their dreams against the country to come true.
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions would see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions would also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it did not cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
Trump administration officials claim that the sanctions would not affect trade in humanitarian items, but many are skeptical.
 
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Sunday that the US sanctions would leave negative impacts on imports of foodstuff, medicine and medical equipment.
 
"What the Iranian officials said that the US is not able to zero Iran's oil exports was proved with the US recent admission," President Rouhani said after a trilateral meeting with the parliament speaker and judiciary chief in Tehran.
 
"The US announced that it cannot zero Iran's oil sales because the oil prices will rise to $150; this is what we had said (before). In this region, either Iran's oil is exported or others will be in trouble as well," he added.
 
President Rouhani referred to the US lies that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment are exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
Document FARSNA0020181114eebe000b9




US to squeeze Iranians 'very hard': John Bolton
 
655 words
13 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Bolton said on Tuesday that Washington’ ultimate aim was to zero Iran’ oil exports despite backing down on the pledge after eight importers were given waivers when the sanctions took effect on Nov. 5.
 
"The objective has been from the beginning to get oil exports from Iran down to zero," Bolton said. "It is our intention to squeeze them very hard. As the British say: 'Squeeze them until the pips squeak'."
 
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has already threatened to starve”ranian people in remarks denounced by Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif as "a crime against humanity".
 
China, India, Greece, Italy, Taiwan, Japan, Turkey and South Korea are the eight countries that have been exempted from the US sanctions, Presstv Reported.
 
Iran’ Minister of Petroleum Bijan Zangeneh said last week that the waivers were not enough, warning of painful months”head for consumers because of insufficient supplies.
 
Zangeneh said the Trump administration has artificially”rought down oil and gasoline prices ahead of midterm elections by coordinating an increased draw in US crude inventory, but the prices will naturally”ove up in the coming months.
 
Other Iranian officials have said US claims of bringing Iran’ oil exports down to zero and replace it with Saudi oil are a bluff.
 
It is a lie that Americans tell the people of the world that Saudi Arabia and some other countries would replace Iranian oil,”ice President Es’aq Jahangiri has said.
 
On Monday, Riyadh unveiled plans to cut its oil production by 500,000 barrels per day from December.
 
Saudi Arabia's Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih also called for a global output cut of one million barrels per day to re-balance the market, drawing a veiled warning from US President Donald Trump.
 
Hopefully, Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!”e said on Twitter.
 
The Trump administration is under pressure after Republican losses in the midterm elections. It is extremely wary of any threats to the economy, including higher gas prices.
 
In June, Saudi Arabia persuaded fellow oil producers to end 18 months of production cuts and pump more crude as demanded by the US, drawing a harsh rebuke from Iran.
 
According to energy analyst Phil Flynn, OPEC leaders are angry Trump duped”hem into raising production ahead of the Iranian sanctions.
 
Trump’ efforts to influence oil production threaten to further strain relations with the Saudis, even as his administration continues to describe Riyadh as a crucial partner, Bloomberg wrote.
 
And by pushing for zero Iranian oil exports, the Trump administration is putting itself between a rock and a hard place which explains why Iranian officials’ismissal of the US threat as a bluff makes sense.
 
Iranian officials, meanwhile, say the country will bypass sanctions and sell its oil even without the exemptions because so many countries are on its side.
 
Many analysts agree. Iran’ situation is better than pre-2016 because of high oil prices and the fact that the US is isolated this time,”euters quoted a European diplomat as saying last week.
 
It will be a difficult period but Iran’ economy will withstand it for various reasons, including the fact of Russia being under US and EU sanctions, Saudi Arabia having its own financial and political issues, and trade war between China and the United States,”he news agency said, citing a second diplomat.
 
On Sunday, Iran sold 700,000 barrels of crude oil to private companies for export in a second round of sales aimed at countering the US sanctions.
 
A senior army official also said Iran’ armed forces were ready to protect the country’ oil tankers against possible threats after the United States said the ships should not be allowed to dock anywhere because they were a floating liability”
 
*
 
Document IRADLY0020181113eebd000k7




 
 
Former German FM: Enterprises to Keep Trade with Iran
 
1,230 words
13 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Heading a visiting economic delegation to Tehran, Gabriel held a meeting with the of Iranian Central Bank's Governor Abdolnasser Hemmati, and said Germany is interested to strengthen economic relations with Iran, despite the re-imposition of the US sanctions.
 
"One goal of the JCPOA (the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action which is also known as the Iran nuclear deal of 2015) was to broaden political and economic ties between Iran and Europe," he said, referring to the nuclear deal signed by Iran and the world major powers in 2015.
 
At the meeting, the two sides also discussed the financial mechanism devised for easing trade between Iran and Europe without being affected by the sanctions.
 
Iran signed the JCPOA with the US, Britain, France, Russia and China as well as Germany in 2015. Based on it, Iran agreed to restrict certain aspects of its nuclear energy activities in return for the removal of nuclear-related sanctions against the country.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181113eebd000bu




 
 
IAEA Reaffirms Iran's Compliance with JCPOA Commitments despite US Sanctions
 
1,203 words
13 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
"Iran has continued to implement all its commitments under the 2015 nuclear deal it signed with major global powers even as the United States re-imposed fresh sanctions against Tehran," the latest report by the IAEA said on Monday.
 
It noted that Iran has kept its stock of low-enriched uranium and the level to which it refines uranium within the limits set by the JCPOA.
 
The quarterly report by the Vienna-based IAEA showed that Iran's reserve of low-enriched uranium remained well below the landmark nuclear deal's 202.8 kg limit at 149.4 kg.
 
Iran's stock of heavy water, a chemical used as a moderator in a type of nuclear reactor that can produce plutonium, was roughly unchanged at 122.8 tons.
 
The IAEA's report said Iran continued production but 1.7 tons were shipped abroad while 1.5 tons were used to make medical compounds.
 
As mentioned in the IAEA's two previous reports, the agency stressed the importance of "timely and proactive cooperation in providing such access" on Iran's part.
 
A first round of American sanctions took effect in August, targeting Iran's access to the US dollar, metals trading, coal, industrial software, and auto sector.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
Despite Washington's withdrawal, Iran has not left the deal yet, but stressed that the remaining signatories to the agreement have to work to offset the negative impacts of the US pullout for Iran if they wanted Tehran to remain in it.
 
The other parties to the JCPOA have repeatedly announced that the deal is working and should stay in place.
 
Britain, Germany and France have been scrambling to shield companies from the effects of new US sanctions and protect Iranian oil revenues.
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181113eebd000bt




 
 
Spokesman: US Claims of Not Targeting Iranian People with Sanctions More Like Jokes
 
503 words
13 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
"What they say and claim that sanctions are not against people but against the government is a joke and irrelevant," Qassemi said on Tuesday.
 
"How can you sanction drugs, foodstuff, passenger planes parts and many other things linked to people's life and justify this measure too," he asked.
 
His remarks came after US Special Representative for Iran Brian Hook claimed that Washington is urging banks around the world to enable the sale of food, medicine and medical devices to help the Iranian people.
 
Qassemi lashed out at Washington for attempting to dictate its demands on the Iranian people, and said, "The US has never been after speaking with Iran through equal footing and based on mutual respect."
 
In relevant remarks on Monday, Qassemi had also blasted Washington for disruption of efforts and closure of channels that Tehran supplied imported medicine and medical equipment for the Iranian people, saying, "The Americans have designed certain mechanisms which can trouble and prevent imports of some goods to Iran to pressure the Iranian people."
 
He lashed out at the US for anti-humane acts and hostility towards the Iranian nation, specially the patients, saying, "The world people, the international community and the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in the Hague should know that the US is practically disrupting and impeding supply of drugs and medical equipment to Iran."
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions would see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions would also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it did not cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
Trump administration officials claim that the sanctions would not affect trade in humanitarian items, but many are skeptical.
 
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Sunday that the US sanctions would leave negative impacts on imports of foodstuff, medicine and medical equipment.
 
"What the Iranian officials said that the US is not able to zero Iran's oil exports was proved with the US recent admission," President Rouhani said after a trilateral meeting with the parliament speaker and judiciary chief in Tehran.
 
"The US announced that it cannot zero Iran's oil sales because the oil prices will rise to $150; this is what we had said (before). In this region, either Iran's oil is exported or others will be in trouble as well," he added.
 
President Rouhani referred to the US lies that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment are exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
Document FARSNA0020181113eebd000bq




The impact of U.S. sanctions on Iranian oil industry, market in focus
 
1,260 words
12 November 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"></figure>
 
Right from the day Trump withdrew from Iran’ nuclear deal, announcing his plan for cutting Iranian oil exports to zero, the oil scholars and experts all around the world begun contemplating the impacts of this decision on the Iranian oil industry especially on the country’ oil exports.
 
Today, near five months after Trump’ announcement and while the U.S. has re-imposed sanctions on Tehran, still nobody has a clear idea about the outcomes of the U.S. actions against Iran, and there is still great disagreement over the magnitude of the impact on Iranian oil industry and especially on crude exports.
 
However, the oil markets have been through various changes in the past few months based on which we can draw a relatively neat picture of what to expect in the future.
 
Markets moving toward ‘versupply’
 
In January 2017 OPEC and a group of non-OPEC producers including Russia began cutting their output in order to balance an oversupplied market in which the oil prices had fallen from over $100 a barrel to under $30. After OPEC+ agreement the glut was slowly drained and the prices stared to move in an upward trend reaching $80.
 
The rise in oil prices started to concern Trump’ administration who were close to the midterm elections and also planning to re-impose sanctions on Iran; and the surging oil prices were not at all in line with their interests. This made Trump to begin pushing the U.S. allies in the Middle East to pump more oil in order to lower the surging prices.
 
In June 2018, led by Saudi Arabia as the biggest U.S. ally in the Middle East, OPEC and non-OPEC group agreed to restore some of their output to help rebalance the market which this time was considered very tight”
 
Afterward, despite the 2017 agreement, some OPEC members were allowed to pump at their maximum levels and also the world's top three oil producers namely the U.S., Russia and Saudi Arabia, hit new production records.
 
Oil demand and a broken cycle
 
After pumping at their highest levels for over four months, Saudi Arabia and U.S. producers had to face the fact that there might not be enough demand for their oil in the markets.
 
The rising trade tensions between U.S. and China, rising interest rates and currency weakness in emerging markets have raised concerns about a slowdown in global economic growth and consequently in oil demand.
 
So getting back to the starting point [safe to say in a broken cycle], Saudi’ begun to believe that, once again, the markets were moving toward a glut and even with the cuts in Iranian output, the markets didn’ have the appetite for the new oil flows.
 
Consequently, in their latest gathering in Abu Dhabi, OPEC+, announced that the current situation "may require new strategies to balance the market."
 
Gathered for their 11th meeting on Sunday, the OPEC-Non-OPEC Joint Ministerial Monitoring Committee (JMMC) announced that "the Committee reviewed current oil supply and demand fundamentals and noted that 2019 prospects point to higher supply growth than global requirements, taking into account current uncertainties.”
 
Following the meeting, Saudi Arabia announced its plans to reduce oil supply to world markets by 0.5 million barrels per day (bpd) in December, Reuters reported on Monday.
 
Iran sanctions and the exemptions
 
Facing resistance from Saudi Arabia for pumping more oil and pressured by high oil prices, the U.S. government had no choice but to soften their stance against Iran and let go of its zero Iranian oil”ream.
 
So, just few days before OPEC+ meeting, when there were talks of a new strategy for cutting output, the U.S. government announced that it has agreed to let eight countries, including China, Turkey, South Korea, Japan and India to continue buying Iranian oil.
 
With the new waivers coming to effect, a significant amount of the cuts in Iran’ oil exports will be compensated.
 
The impacts on Iran’ oil industry
 
So far, affected by the U.S. sanctions, Iran’ oil exports have fallen from an average of more than 2.5 million barrels per day to around 1.5 million bpd in recent weeks.
 
This means currently near 1 million bps of Iranian crude oil has been wiped from the markets and Iran is currently selling a lot less than what it used to sell before the re-imposition of the sanctions.
 
So how big the effect of these cuts could project on the country’ economy?
 
First of all, the oil revenues envisaged in Iran’ current budget for Iranian calendar year 1397 (March 2018-March 2019) is estimated to be 1.01 quadrillion rials (near $26.5 billion) planned based upon $55 oil. This means under a $55 scenario, for this amount of oil revenues to be realized, Iran should sell 2.410 million barrels per day of oil up to March 2019.
 
What should be taking into consideration here, is the fact that since the beginning of the current Iranian calendar year (March 2018), average oil price has been at least over $60 and according to Reuters ship tracking data, Iran has been exporting 2.5 million barrels of oil and condensate on average during this time span, that is about 400,000 barrels more than what is expected in the country’ budget.
 
As for the current oil prices, according to the Reuters’atest report on Sunday, after Saudi Arabia announced a decision for cutting their output by 500,000 bpd in December and considering the U.S. announcement regarding the waivers over Iran sanctions, oil is currently being traded at over $70 per barrel that is still over $15 more than the price based on which Iran’ budget is set.
 
Aside from the increase which is due to come from the resumption of purchases by the exempted countries, Iranian crude exports are also keeping steady with the demand staying strong in the EU. European buyers including Italy, France, Spain and Croatia continuing their intakes even after announcement of the sanctions.
 
This indicates that even at the current levels, and even without considering the barrels which are going to be back to Iranian oil exports due to the waivers for the mentioned eight countries, the U.S. sanctions are not having as a severe impact on Iran’ economy and oil industry as they were supposed to.
 
Let’ not forget the country’ ample domestic storage which can easily absorb the barrels that are not exported. Previously, when the U.S. and EU imposed sanctions on Iran, the country put almost 50 million barrels of crude and condensates on floating storage between 2012 and January 2016.
 
Meanwhile, the country’ refineries have also been picking up in the past few months. Iran's gasoline production has surged 50 percent over the last 12 months, with further increases to come, according to the oil ministry.
 
In the end, considering the global supply and demand patterns, the trade tensions between the U.S. and China and with OPEC+ considering new cuts to be executed in 2019, as well as U.S.’ecent waivers over Iran sanctions, we can see that the odds are quite slim for U.S. sanctions having a significant impact on the Islamic Republic’ economy and its oil industry in the long run.
 
Document TEHRNT0020181112eebc000gr




 
 
Spokesman: US Troubling Iran's Access to Medicine
 
353 words
12 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
"The Americans have designed certain mechanisms which can trouble and prevent imports of some goods to Iran to pressure the Iranian people," Qassemi said on Monday.
 
He lashed out at the US for anti-humane acts and hostility towards the Iranian nation, specially the patients, saying, "The world people, the international community and the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in the Hague should know that the US is practically disrupting and impeding supply of drugs and medical equipment to Iran."
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions would see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions would also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it did not cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
Trump administration officials claim that the sanctions would not affect trade in humanitarian items, but many are skeptical.
 
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Sunday that the US sanctions would leave negative impacts on imports of foodstuff, medicine and medical equipment.
 
"What the Iranian officials said that the US is not able to zero Iran's oil exports was proved with the US recent admission," President Rouhani said after a trilateral meeting with the parliament speaker and judiciary chief in Tehran.
 
"The US announced that it cannot zero Iran's oil sales because the oil prices will rise to $150; this is what we had said (before). In this region, either Iran's oil is exported or others will be in trouble as well," he added.
 
President Rouhani referred to the US lies that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment are exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
Document FARSNA0020181112eebc000dz




 
 
Energy Bourse Sells 700K Barrels of Iranian Oil in 1 Hour
 
1,370 words
12 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
The National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) had put 700,000 barrels of light oil up for grabs at a proposed price of $65.22 per barrel - $5 below the first sale that was held last week.
 
The auction started at 14:30 Tehran’ local time (11:00 GMT), but finished in less than an hour according to a report by the Energy Bourse published at 15:17 local time. The oil that had been put on sale was sold out in three cargos: two at 245,000 barrels and one at 210,000 barrels.
 
No names and details of buyers were provided as officials had earlier said the identities of bidders were kept confidential.
 
The price at which the oil was sold was specified at $64.97 per barrel.
 
During the first round which was held on October 28, a total of three buyers purchased a collective of eight cargoes totaling 700,000 barrels of Iranian oil.
 
According to NIOC’ arrangements, buyers would have to pay 20 percent of the total value of their purchases in Iran’ national currency –he Rial. The remaining payments would need to be made in foreign currencies after loading.
 
Buyers would have to pay 10 percent of the value of their purchases in Rials two hours before the start of trading. They can either buy 35,000 barrels of oil or a multiplication of this up to a ceiling of one million barrels.
 
The mechanism is seen as Iran’ answer to the US sanctions that ban the country’ oil exports, among other restrictions.
 
A first round of American sanctions took effect in August, targeting Iran's access to the US dollar, metals trading, coal, industrial software, and auto sector.
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181112eebc0008j




Experts say Iran, partners can find ways around sanctions
 
477 words
11 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
"There will always be both overt and covert activities to work around sanctions, to dodge sanctions or evade them," Dan Wager, a global sanctions expert at the consulting firm LexisNexis Risk Solutions, was quoted by the National Public Radio (NPR) as saying. "That's something that's gone on for a very long time."
 
Wager specifically mentioned Iran’ ability to procure aircraft parts and components —omething Iran critically needs to keep its aging airplanes working –uring the years it was under global sanctions until 2016.
 
This, he emphasized, could be evidence that ways could always be found around the sanctions, Presstv reported.
 
"There's a vast network of individuals who are out there that will go to a company that provides aircraft components, engine parts, landing gear parts, avionics and electronics, and they will procure them and represent that those goods are being shipped to and paid for by someone in a country where it is allowed," Wager was quoted by NPR as saying. "Once the goods are shipped to there, they are further transshipped onward to Iran."
 
The administration of US President Donald Trump launched the second wave of sanctions against Iran from November 5 in which a universal ban on the country’ oil exports is a primary objective.
 
US officials have already said the sanctions would be meant to bring down Iran’ oil exports to zero. However, Iranian officials have repeatedly rejected the feasibility of this, stressing that international consumers cannot afford to lose Iranian supplies.
 
Other analysts emphasized in their interviews with the NPR that it would be trickier to work around oil sanctions because the crude has to be transported by large tankers on open waters. But Iran still found ways to do it under past rounds of international sanctions, according to Peter Harrell, an adjunct senior fellow with the Center for a New American Security, a think tank in Washington, DC.
 
Harrell said energy-hungry nations are willing to risk sanctions that could reduce their access to US markets. He said the countries could use small companies or banks to do the transactions.
 
"So, you could see countries such as China that's importing oil —nstead of the oil being purchased by a great big Chinese company that has lots of business in the United States, it will be purchased by some small company that doesn't really do any business in the U.S. and if it is sanctioned, so what," he says.
 
Some methods of evading sanctions fall into a gray zone, such as holding payments in an escrow account, something India did the last time Iran was sanctioned. India and China were also involved in a bartering agreement where Iranian oil could be exchanged for industrial machinery, for example, the NPR added in its report. Resource: presstv
 
Document IRADLY0020181111eebb000e6




WTO: Iran, well-known for hospitality
 
339 words
11 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Zurab Pololikashvili, who was speaking at a press conference for the 40th World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) in Golestan Palace, Tehran, further noted, "It is highly appreciated that Iran put tourism on the agenda and we are here to promote Iran's tourism."
 
According to IRNA, Pololikashvili pointed out that the participation of 27 countries in 40th UNWTO meeting in Hamedan indicates the potentials for more tourism trade.
 
"I am happy that this meeting will not be held in Tehran or Isfahan and Hamedan is going to be introduced to the world as a new destination for tourism," he added.
 
The UN official also met Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif.
 
Head of Iran's Cultural Heritage, Handcrafts and Tourism Organization said that Iran is among the top ten countries with high capabilities in terms of tourism, adding that it also has several natural, cultural and architectural attractions.
 
Ali Asghar Mounesan added that tourists of the world and the global activists of the tourism industry said 'no' to US sanctions against Iran.
 
Pointing to the great gatherings of tourism industry activists from around the world in Iran, he said, "The diversity of our international events in the field of cultural heritage and tourism, and the growth of positive developments of tourism in Iran over the past two years indicate continued growth of this industry in the country irrespective of the sanctions."
 
He added that the 40th UNWTO meeting in Hamedan, along with the new round of US sanctions against Iran, also shows that the US and its allies cannot do anything.
 
He added that the cruel and unilateral sanctions imposed by the United States against Iran will not harm the country's tourism potentials given the cultural characteristics of tourism in the international arena.
 
The desire of tourists to come to this 7,000-year-old country is evident from the increasing number of tourists coming to the country, he pointed out.
 
The meeting will be held from November 12-14 in Hamedan.?
 
Document IRADLY0020181111eebb0008i




Brazil will stand with Iran in face of US sanctions
 
265 words
11 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Head of the Committee of Foreign Affairs and National Defense at Brazil's Federal Senate Fernando Collor de Mello said that stands by Iran and seeks to develop bilateral relations in the fields of economy and trade.
 
He made the remarks in a meeting with Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani in Tehran.
 
The former Brazilian president also called for the enhancement of parliamentary ties between Tehran and Brasilia, Press TV reported.
 
Collor de Mello further said the international community and the UN should not remain silent while measures taken by US President Donald Trump imperil global relations.
 
He touched on fresh US sanctions on Latin American countries, including Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua, saying those measures will never resolve problems.
 
Larijani hailed Brazil's position on the 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA).
 
He also underlined the need to develop industrial, agricultural and banking cooperation between the two countries as he slammed Washington's "adventurism" with regard to the JCPOA.
 
The US announces the reimposition of new and strengthened sanctions against Iran in an attempt "to force Tehran to change its behavior to Washington’ liking."
 
Earlier this week, the Trump administration unleashed a second round of sanctions against Iran. The measures targeted 700 individuals, banks, aircraft, ships and companies tied to Iran’ energy and financial industries.
 
They came months after Washington scrapped the nuclear accord despite international objections.
 
The first round of the anti-Iran bans –hich had been lifted under the accord –ere reimposed in August.
 
Document IRADLY0020181111eebb0008e




 
 
Brazilian Senator Urges World to Stop Trump Spreading Extremism
 
1,382 words
11 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
The Brazilian senator made the remarks in Tehran in a meeting with Chairman of Iranian Parliament's National Security and Foreign Policy Commission Heshmatollah Falahatpisheh.
 
Touching upon the US anti-Iran sanctions which were put into effect from November 5, He underlined that the US measures are against the international agreements and maintained that any sanction policy will create obstacle for economic relations around the world.
 
For his part in this meeting, Falahatpisheh condemned Trump's unilateral withdrawal of the US from the JCPOA and said that Iran has been progressing despite sanctions.
 
Donald Trump unilaterally withdrew the US from the Iran Deal, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), on May 8.
 
Iranian lawmaker said that Trump is the first politician, after German leader at the Second World War Adolf Hitler, who has breached international agreements and extended insecurity across the globe.
 
About the regional developments, the parliamentarian added that ideology of the extremist terrorists in the region is rooted in certain US allies.
 
Touching upon the murder of prominent Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi, Falahatpisheh said that the crime is just an example of years-long massacre of the Muslims.
 
The 59-year-old Saudi investigative journalist, who had left the country since Bin Salman was named crown prince and moved to the US, vanished on October second after entering the Saudi consulate in Istanbul to collect documents for his forthcoming marriage. After 18 days of silence and rejecting claims that Khashoggi was murdered, the Saudi government finally bowed down to international pressure and admitted the prominent journalist was killed inside Istanbul consulate.
 
It is the common duty of all politicians to prevent extremism in the world,”e said.
 
At the end of the meeting, the two sides stressed the importance of expansion of bilateral economic cooperation.
 
Last week, the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181111eebb0002w




 
 
Leader's Military Aide: US to Experience Decline under Trump
 
440 words
11 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
"Unwise leaders will bring humiliation for nations and therefore, certainly the US will go towards decline for having an unwise president and it will be defeated against the power of our country and the resistance front," General Rahim Safavi said, addressing a ceremony in the Northern city of Qazvin on Sunday.
 
Elsewhere, he downplayed impacts of the US sanctions against Iran, and said the Iranian nation is undefeatable.
 
"But the enemies of Iran will be defeated and the US will be soon forced to leave West Asia, Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan and the Persian Gulf to escape (ultimate) failure."
 
In relevant remarks on Saturday, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif ensured that his country would survive the US sanctions and thrive despite pressures and threats by Washington.
 
The Iranian diplomatic chief made the remarks in a post on his Twitter page, dismissing his American counterpart's starvation threat, and stressing that the Islamic Republic would survive and even advance despite Washington’ sanctions
 
The top diplomat described Pompeo's open threat to starve the Iranian nation as "a crime against humanity" and "a desperate attempt to impose US whims on Iran".
 
"Like his predecessors, he'll also learn that—n spite of US efforts—ran will not just survive but advance w/out sacrificing its sovereignty," Zarif said.
 
Zarif's tweet came after the US Secretary of State told London-based BBC Persian TV station- a UK apparatus for spreading anti-Iran campaign- that Iranian officials must listen to Washington "if they want their people to eat".
 
In a related front earlier on the same day, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani referred to "the US lies" that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment were exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran took place.
 
Document FARSNA0020181111eebb0002z




 
 
Speaker: Trump's Illusions May Not Come True
 
429 words
11 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Larijani made the remarks in a meeting with Brazilian Senator and former President Fernando Collor de Mello in Tehran on Saturday evening.
 
He reminded that the US administration under president Obama demanded nuclear talks with Iran in two letters and then Tehran and the world powers, including the US, sat to the negotiating table, and said Trump welched the nuclear agreement and now he has again shown willingness for talks with Iran.
 
"His performance is like a game and he imagines that he can disturb the situation in Iran with this behavior," Larijani said.
 
He downplayed Trump's attempts against Iran, and said, "Iran is not a country which has been created after the World War in the 20th century but it has several-thousand-year-old roots and it resolves its problems domestically."
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran took place.
 
In relevant remarks on Saturday, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said American officials had admitted their incapability to stop Iran's crude sales, and the US sanctions would only leave negative impacts on imports of foodstuff, medicine and medical equipment.
 
"What the Iranian officials said that the US is not able to zero Iran's oil exports was proved with the US recent admission," President Rouhani said after a trilateral meeting with the parliament speaker and judiciary chief in Tehran.
 
"The US announced that it cannot zero Iran's oil sales because the oil prices will rise to $150; this is what we had said (before). In this region, either Iran's oil is exported or others will be in trouble as well," he added.
 
President Rouhani referred to the US lies that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment were exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
Document FARSNA0020181111eebb0002t




Brazil will stand with Iran in face of U.S. sanctions: ex-president
 
299 words
11 November 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"></figure>
 
Former President Fernando Collor de Mello says Brazil will stand with Iran like other member states of BRICS, the association of five major emerging economies, in the face of US sanctions.
 
Collor de Mello, currently the head of the Committee of Foreign Affairs and National Defense at Brazil's Federal Senate, made the remarks during a meeting with Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani in Tehran late Saturday.
 
The senator stressed that Brazil like other BRICS members - namely Russia, India, China and South Africa - stands by Iran and seeks to develop bilateral relations in the fields of economy and trade.
 
The former Brazilian president also called for the enhancement of parliamentary ties between Tehran and Brasilia.
 
Collor de Mello further said the international community and the UN should not remain silent while measures taken by US President Donald Trump imperil global relations.
 
He touched on fresh US sanctions on Latin American countries, including Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua, saying those measures will never resolve problems.
 
Larijani, for his part, hailed Brazil's position on the 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA).
 
He also underlined the need to develop industrial, agricultural and banking cooperation between the two countries as he slammed Washington's "adventurism" with regard to the JCPOA.
 
arlier this week, the Trump administration unleashed a second round of sanctions against Iran. The punitive measures targeted 700 individuals, banks, aircraft, ships and companies tied to Iran’ energy and financial industries.
 
They came months after Washington scrapped the nuclear accord despite international objections.
 
The first round of the anti-Iran bans –hich had been lifted under the accord -- were re-imposed in August.
 
(Source: Press TV)
 
Document TEHRNT0020181111eebb0008d




 
 
Senior MP: US Sanctions to Negatively Affect Medicine, Food Imports to Iran
 
1,185 words
11 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
"In reaction to the International Court of Justice ruling and human rights protests at the sanctions against Iran, the Americans claim that the embargos do not include food and drugs but the reality is that a major part of pressures falls on the Iranian nation, specially in foodstuff and medicine areas," Falahatpisheh said on Sunday.
 
He, meantime, said that more than 90% of medicine is produced inside the country, while "the rest is imported from foreign states, which have been much affected by sanctions".
 
"When no banking interactions are made, practically there is no possibility for supplying medicine for the Iranians," Falahatpisheh said.
 
In relevant remarks on Saturday, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani referred to the US lies that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment are exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181111eebb00013




 
 
Nuclear Chief: Iran Advancing despite US Sanctions
 
1,421 words
11 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Salehi asserted that Iran's achievements in various fields, especially in the fields of defense, missile, and nuclear industries despite the imposition of US sanctions, have left the world open-mouthed.
 
Speaking on the sidelines of the exhibition on missile and nuclear achievements in Qazvin on Sunday, Ali Akbar Salehi underlined that sanctions will not stop Iran's progress, adding "Iranian nation since the beginning of the Islamic Revolution has been accustomed to the sanctions, and US policy is not a new issue for the country."
 
"Iran has achieved many successes over 40 years after the Islamic Revolution despite all the pressures, constraints, eight years of Imposed War and crippling sanctions, that have amazed Global Arrogance and enemies," he said.
 
The head of IAEO noted that since the beginning of the Islamic Revolution, the Iranian nation has learned to stand on its own feet despite all the sanctions, adding "thanks to sacrifices made by our dear martyrs, Iran's long-range missiles and nuclear gains have become globally well-reputed."
 
He said that nuclear achievements were part of Iranian nation's capabilities, achieved despite pressures and constraints.
 
Two days ago, Tehran's provisional Friday Prayers leader Hojjatoleslam Kazzem Seddiqi said that Iran has grown stronger under the US sanctions in the past 4 decades, while the US is losing its power.
 
"The US imposed sanctions on Iran in the past four decades but it led to Iran's progress in the fields of defense and missile," Ayatollah Seddiqi underlined adding that Iran will get stronger under new sanctions.
 
He noted that due to the sanctions, Iran owns lots of knowledge-based enterprises.
 
"Today, the Iranian nation builds fighter jets and unmanned aerial vehicles and it can produce its medical equipment and medicines, Hojjatoleslam Seddiqi underlined.
 
He said that Iran is now more powerful than the past four decades and on the contrary, the US power is in decline.
 
A first round of American sanctions took effect in August, targeting Iran's access to the US dollar, metals trading, coal, industrial software, and auto sector.
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
The sanctions reinstated on Iran on May 8 included boycott of Iran's crude supplies and bans on transfer of its crude revenues. There is a 180 days interval before these sanctions come into effect. Other US secondary sanctions are reinstated this month.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181111eebb00010




 
 
Zarif, French Counterpart Discuss N. Deal on Phone
 
1,186 words
11 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
Also during the telephone dialogue, the two sides exchanged views on the latest status of bilateral ties, JCPOA and issues of mutual interest.
 
Le Drian said that France and other European countries are determined to safeguard Iran’ economic interests to establish Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for conducting financial transaction with Iran.
 
In contrast with what European politicians and government are stating, many experts in Iran are suspicious of Europe's genuine commitment to the letters of the nuclear agreement of July 14, 2015, and are voicing their discontent with what they describe as Europe's strategy of killing time.
 
Even some commentators like Seyed Mostafa Khoshchashm are calling the Iranian government to start meaningful modifications in JCPOA undertakings, and specially remove the cap on the country's enriched uranium stockpile after the US unilateral withdrawal from the agreement; a call which is gaining momentum among the Iranians.
 
Last week, the US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on last Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181111eebb0000o
 
 
 
Zarif to Pompeo: Iran to Advance despite US Sanctions
 
1,215 words
11 November 2018
FARS News Agency
FARSNA
English
©018, FARS News Agency, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
*
 
The Iranian diplomatic chief made the remarks on Saturday in a post on his Twitter page, dismissing his American counterpart's starvation threat, and stressing that the Islamic Republic will survive and even advance despite Washington’ sanctions
 
The top diplomat described Pompeo's open threat to starve the Iranian nation as "a crime against humanity" and "a desperate attempt to impose US whims on Iran".
 
"Like his predecessors, he'll also learn that—n spite of US efforts—ran will not just survive but advance w/out sacrificing its sovereignty," Zarif said.
 
Zarif's tweet came after the US Secretary of State told London-based BBC Persian TV station- a UK apparatus for spreading anti-Iran campaign- that Iranian officials must listen to Washington "if they want their people to eat".
 
In a related front earlier on the same day, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani referred to "the US lies" that the foodstuff, drugs and medical equipment were exempted from Washington's sanctions against Iran, and said, "This is incorrect. When the banking system is sanctioned, everything is affected."
 
The US Treasury Department announced all sanctions on Iran lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal would be back in force on November 5.
 
According to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 people blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU’ SPV channel.
 
He also warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn’ cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure,”e noted.
 
His remarks dismissed an earlier report by The Washington Free Beacon, which claimed senior State Department officials have convinced Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to allow Iran to remain connected to SWIFT.
 
The Trump administration earlier agreed to allow eight countries to continue purchasing Iran’ crude oil after Washington’ sanctions on Tehran take place next Monday.
 
A senior administration official told Bloomberg that waivers were aimed at preventing oil price hikes and would be granted in exchange for continued import cuts.
 
The November 5 sanctions were the second batch of bans re-imposed after Trump pulled the US out of the 2015 deal, which was signed by Iran and six world powers in 2015.
 
The new sanctions cover Iran’ shipping, finance and energy sectors, and penalize other countries that don’ stop dealing with Tehran.
 
US President Donald Trump announced on May 8 that Washington would no longer remain part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and promised to re-impose the highest level of economic sanctions against Iran.
 
After Trump's declaration, the Iranian government issued a statement, calling the US withdrawal as "unlawful". The statement underlined Iran's prerequisites for continuing the deal with the five world powers. These conditions that were reiterated later by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei later mainly included Iran's guaranteed crude sales and transfer of its revenues back home.
 
Two months later, the other five powers party to the nuclear deal have failed to satisfy Iran. President Hassan Rouhani voiced his disappointment over a recent package of incentives proposed by the European Union countries to Tehran, and said that the Islamic Republic expected a much better, clearer and explicit stance by the EU.
 
"Unfortunately, the EU’ package of proposals lacked an operational solution and a specific method for cooperation, and featured just a set of general commitments like the previous statements by the European Union," President Rouhani said in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on July 5.
 
President Rouhani pointed to US' unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal, and said, "After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, Iran has been dealing with economic issues and problems in banking relations and oil, and foreign companies that have invested in Iran are skeptical about continuing their business."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that the package proposed by the three European countries (the UK, Germany, and France) on how they are going to live up to their commitments and cooperation under the JCPOA was disappointing”
 
President Rouhani reiterated that the JCPOA was a mutual commitment, and said, "Iran had expected a clear plan from the three European countries after the two months’ime they have been given to come up with solid guarantees to ensure Iran’ economic interests would continue to be met despite US pullout and reinstatement of sanctions."
 
The Iranian president, however, said that Tehran would continue cooperation with Europe if the outcome of the July 6 Vienna talks would be promising.
 
If the process of the European foreign ministers’eeting in Vienna, which is aimed at encouraging Iran to cooperate, is promising, we will continue our cooperation with Europe,”ouhani added.
 
But the Vienna talks July 6 among foreign ministers from Iran and the five world powers (Russia, China, Germany, France and Britain) failed to satisfy Iran with senior officials in Tehran complaining that the Europeans had offered nothing new to ensure Iran’ continued merits under the deal.
 
On July 8, the Iranian parliament's research center has readied a comprehensive plan that includes a detailed list of policies and moves to fight off sanctions as Washington sped up attempts to rally international support for intensified pressures on Tehran.
 
The comprehensive "active anti-sanctions plan" that has been compiled at the parliament research center after long studies and consultations with experts from Iranian research and academic centers, traders and entrepreneurs is now under study by senior Judiciary, Parliament and Government officials for a final editing.
 
The program that mainly aims to make the country "unsanctionable" has been developed in contrast to the US sanctions program and has reportedly been edited seven times so far, several MPs told FNA.
 
Information obtained by FNA reveals the program offers a package that also involves social and cultural measures to reinvigorate the country's economy and infrastructure against the US sanctions that come into effect from 90 to 180 days after their re-imposition and seek to wear off Iran's economy step-by-step.
 
The plan also entails specific time-based nuclear, security and political leverages that would be enforced in reprisal for enemy threats, while it also envisages transient waivers that could be extended, halted or annulled based on relevant decisions by authorities.
 
The plan to make Iran sanction-proof includes detailed measures in two 90-120 days and 180-210 days periods in various areas of monetary, banking and currency sector, liquidity management and deterring middlemen disruption and negative interference, optimized forex reserves management, facilitated money transfer in the international market, reduction of intermediary currency role, strategic commodities, budget resources and use, energy, business, trade, structures, culture, society, media and legal affairs.
 
Meantime, several other plans have also been compiled by university and research centers for improving economy through reinvigoration of national potentials to make the country sanctions-proof.
 
Document FARSNA0020181111eebb0000n




Expert: Iran able to sell its oil bypassing US sanctions
 
529 words
10 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
Luis Colasante was talking about the possible ways of bypassing US sanctions to ensure Iranian oil supplies to the global market.
 
Colasante noted that Trump administration is restoring sanctions lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal in a bid to pressure the Islamic Republic.
 
"These sanctions will hit the Iranian oil sector, banks, and shipping, and will make it difficult to do business with them. The US is betting that economic pressure will force Iran to change its tune and agree to a new, much more restrictive nuclear deal than the one reached in 2015 between Tehran and the six world powers," said the expert.
 
He pointed out that Iran's oil exports have fallen since the Trump administration announced in mid-year the reimposition of sanctions on Iran.
 
"But the exemptions granted to Iran's biggest oil customers —hina, India, South Korea, Japan, Italy, Greece, Taiwan and Turkey —llow them to import at least some oil for another six months more. This group of eight buyers imported over 80 percent of Iran's roughly 2.6 million barrels per day of oil exports last year. Only China, India and Japan imported around 1.6 million barrels per day," said the energy expert.
 
Colasante said that the Trump administration fears that Russia could help Tehran evade US sanctions by buying up Iranian oil and reselling it as its own.
 
He noted that Russia can purchase Iranian oil for domestic use, thus buying Iranian oil at preferential prices and export its internal production.
 
"But at the end, Russia doesn't need to import oil from any country. Even in the last five months, Russian production has increased by 400,000 barrels per day and the country has the capacity to increase it by another 300,000 barrels per day," the expert said.
 
The US introduced a second package of unilateral sanctions against Tehran aimed at restricting the export of Iranian oil on November 5. More than 700 individuals and legal entities, ships and aircrafts of Iran fell under the new US sanctions.
 
This is the second wave of sanctions imposed by the Trump administration since May this year.
 
Despite the desire to reduce the supply of Iranian oil to the world market to zero, Washington nevertheless went for relief for a number of countries purchasing energy from Iran, including Italy, Greece, Turkey, India, China, South Korea, Japan and Taiwan.
 
In 2012, the Iranian government ceased, in response to sanctions by Western countries, the sale of oil to the US and the UK, and from the beginning of 2013 to the EU.
 
In 2016 the US authorities announced the lift of sanctions from 59 individuals (citizens of Iran and other countries), 385 enterprises, 77 planes and 227 ships.
 
In 2018, the Trump administration restored sanctions against Iran.
 
Trump also reported the restoration of all sanctions against Iran, including secondary ones, that is, in relation to other countries doing business with Iran.
 
From August 7, 2018, the updated Blocking Statute entered into force in the EU, the provisions of which are aimed at protecting European companies from the influence of US extraterritorial sanctions.
 
Document IRADLY0020181110eeba000p8




Economy minister: Iran experienced in confronting sanctions
 
232 words
10 November 2018
Iran Daily
IRADLY
English
©018, Iran Daily, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
"Living through sanctions conditions is not difficult. We have become experienced in the past 40 years in confronting sanctions," Dejpasand told reporters in Tehran on Saturday, reported Fars News Agency.
 
Noting that Iran will use all economic opportunities to confront enemies, he said, "We have earned good and effective experience in confronting sanctions since the start of the Islamic Revolution and we have devised proper plans to confront the economic embargos."
 
His remarks came hours after Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said American officials had admitted their incapability to stop Iran's crude sales, and the US sanctions would only leave negative impacts on imports of foodstuff, medicine and medical equipment.
 
According to US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, the sweeping sanctions will see 700 entities blacklisted, including people who were granted relief under the 2015 deal, as well as over 300 new names.
 
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Mnuchin said the sanctions will also target payments made through the EU's SPV channel.
 
He further warned global financial messaging service SWIFT that it could be punished if it doesn't cut off financial services to entities and individuals doing business with Iran.
 
"SWIFT is no different than any other entity…e have advised SWIFT that it must disconnect any Iranian financial institutions that we designate as soon as technologically feasible to avoid sanctions exposure," he stated.
 
Document IRADLY0020181110eeba000pf




‘anctions exception for Chabahar an opportunity to develop transit’
 
537 words
10 November 2018
Tehran Times
TEHRNT
English
©018, Tehran Times, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
 
<figure class="item-img"></figure>
 
TEHRAN- Chabahar Port’ exemption from the new round of the U.S. sanctions on Iran is an opportunity for development of transit via this port, Iran’ Ports and Maritime Organization (PMO) Head Mohammad Rastad told ILNA on Saturday.
 
The United States said on Tuesday it would grant a sanctions waiver for the Iranian-Indian port project at Chabahar (southeast of Iran).
 
This port’ exemption from the sanctions provides the opportunity for benefitting from the potentials and infrastructures of Chabahar which will definitely boost exports and imports, Rastad said, adding that it would be an achievement for the country’ economy.
 
The Indian operator will start its work in the port soon, the official announced.
 
On October 23, Iran, India and Afghanistan inked an agreement on transit of goods via Chabahar.
 
The agreement was signed in Tehran by Rastad, T.S. Tirumurti, the secretary of economic relations in India’ Ministry of External Affairs, and Imammohammad Warymoch, Afghanistan’ deputy minister of transport, during the first meeting of coordination council of agreement on the establishment of an international transport and transit corridor among Iran, India and Afghanistan (Chabahar Agreement).
 
These three countries signed a trilateral transit agreement in Tehran in May 2016, which allows them open new routes to connect among themselves via converting Chabahar Port into a transit hub bypassing Pakistan.
 
Accordingly, through Chabahar Port India can bypass Pakistan and transport goods to Afghanistan and Central Asia, while Afghanistan can get linked to India via sea.
 
The document was signed in the presence of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and Afghan President Ashraf Ghani.
 
At the time, Modi announced that New Delhi would be investing $500 million in the strategic port.
 
Then during the visit of the Iranian president to India in mid-February, the lease contract for Shahid Beheshti Port-Phase 1 of Chabahar was signed between Iran’ PMO and India’ Ports Global Limited (IPGL).
 
* Contracts worth $111m signed for logistic operation in Chabahar since March
 
* Logistic contracts worth $111m signed since March
 
Some investment contracts worth 4.67 trillion rials (about $111 million) have been singed on logistic operation in Chabahar since the beginning of current Iranian calendar year (March 21, 2018), Sistan-Baluchestan Ports and Maritime Department’ Director General Behrouz Aghaei told IRNA on Saturday.
 
Chabahar Port plays a significant role in economic and trade activities of the region and provides an important and low-cost path for transit of commodities for the countries such as Afghanistan which has no access to the free waters, he noted.
 
Iran’ making investment of over $1 billion for the first development phase of Shahid Beheshti Port in Chabahar shows the significance of this port, the official underlined.
 
Aghaei had previously announced that five phases have been planned for development of Shahid Beheshti Port to boost its capacity from the current 8.5 million tons (which is capable of reaching 15 million tons) to 82-85 million tons.
 
MA/MA
 
PHOTO: A container ship loading cargos at Shahid Beheshti Dock in Iran’ southeastern port of Chabahar (Photo by Mahnaz Abdi/Tehran Times)
 
Document TEHRNT0020181110eeba000up




Search Summary
 
Text
global


   Date
In the last 3 months


   Source
Iran Daily Or Iranian Students News Agency Or Al Alam News (Iran, Arabic Language) Or Alvefagh online (Iran, Arabic Language) Or FARS News Agency (Iran) Or FARS News Agency (Iran, Arabic Language) Or National Council of Resistance of Iran Or Tehran Times (Iran)


   Author
All Authors


   Company
All Companies


   Subject
All Subjects


   Industry
All Industries


   Region
All Regions


   Language
All Languages


   News Filters
Subject: International Sanctions 


   Results Found
180


   Timestamp
18 January 2019 10:56 AM